# Writing

## advise

Nowadays,there has been growing awareness that doing sth play a role improtant in one’s daylife.However… In this essay , the approaches are illustrated as follows.

- For one thing
- ..since… It is inappropriate for sb.. to do sth.
- If sb.. are able to do sth..Not only will they ,but …… thus we will be more

- For another.
  - There’s no doubt that …Although….

- Bisides,

In a nutshell , there is no better way to do than to do  

## Chart

The above chart shows that the...According to the date...

The reasons accouting for this phenomenon can be listed as follows.

- For one thing,
  - during the..,with the..., xxx have done..., including.., ensuring...
- For another,
  - in order to promote.., xxx have actively done to do..
- Besides,
  - with the xx of xx, there has been a xxx, and they are ...

In a nutshell,...,and I believe that...

## Pratice

- Pratice1

Nowadays, there has been growning awareness that doing something play a inportant role in our daily life. However, somebody don't kown how to do something. In this essay, the approaches of solving this problems are illustrated as follows.

- For one thing
  - ...since...,it's inappropriate for sb. to do something, if sb. are able to do sth. Not only will they, but also they, thus we will be more
- For another thing
  - there is no doubt that..,Athough
- Besides
  - with the xxx of the

In a nutshell, there is no better way to do than to do

- Pratice2

The above chart show that...according to the date..

The reasons <code style="color:#ea4335">accouting for this phenomenon </code> of can be listed as followed.

- For one thing,
  - with the... of the ..., the have done
- For another thing,
  - in order to promote the, xxx have actively done xx to do
- Besides,
  - with the xxx of the...,<code style="color:#ea4335">there has been a xxx in</code>, and they are

In a nutshell
