# 六级句子

- 语音标记内容
  - 连-读
  - 失去爆破*
  - '重读'
  - 停顿/

## 01

- M: It-is my l'a'st day at w'or'k / tomorrow. I 'start' my new job-in two weeks. My human↑ resources manager wants to conduct-an interview with me / before I leave.
- W: Ah↑, an 'e'xit interview. Are you looking forward / to it?
- M: I'm not sure/ how I feel-about-it. I resigned / because I've been unhappy /at that company for a long time, but I'm not sure-if / I should tell them / how I really feel.
- W: To my way of th'inking', there are two main potential benefits/ that 'come' from /un'lea'shing an agitated stream-of truth/ during↑ an exit interview.

- The first / is release. Unb'ur'de'ning' yourself-of 'fru'stration/ and perh'a'ps-even anger↑ / to someone who isn't-a friend-or close coll'ea'gue / can be wond'er'fully↑ freeing.

- And let me guess. The s'e'cond/ is that the criticism will, theoretically/θɪəˈretɪkli/, help \the\ organiz'a'tion I'm leaving to improve↑, making sure employees-of the future↑/ are less likely to encounter what I did↑?

- W: That's right. But the problem with the company improvement part↑/ is that/ very often↑ it doesn't happen.
- An exit interview is supposed to be private, but often isn't. In my company, the information gained /from these interviews is often not confidential.
- and the information is used as dirt/ against-another manager. or can be trad'e'd /among senior managers.

- Now you've got me reth'in'king/ what I'll disclose in the interview. There is always the chance /that it could affect my reputation/ and my ability to network-in the industry, It 'i's a pretty small industry after all.
- Anything you initially gained/ from the instant satisfaction of/ telling-it like-it-is, you might lose down the track/ by injuring your future career /kəˈrɪə/ prospects.

- Right, Perhaps-it'll be / better getting things off my chest by going to one of those / rate-your-employer websites.
- You could. And don't do the interview at all. Exit interviews are not mandatory.

## 0801

- 连读-，失去爆破*^，重读``，停顿/，语调↑

1. `Sci`entists `o`ften use specia`li`zed* `jar`gon terms/ while com`mu`nicating with laymen.
2. Most of them↑ don't `realize`/ the `harm`ful effects-of this prac*tice.
3. In-a new study，people↑2 exposed/ɪkˈspəʊz/ to jargon/ when reading about* subjects like^ autonomous /ɔːˈtɒnəməs/ vehicles /and surgical robots/ˈrəʊbɒts/
4. /later said^ they were less interested-in `sci`ence /than others who read-about/ the `same` topic*s，but without the use-of specialized terms.
5. They↑ also felt less-informed-about science /and less qualified /to discuss /dɪˈskʌs/ /science topics.
6. It's note^ worthy /that it made no difference /if the jargon terms were defined-in the text.

7. Even when the terms `were` de`fined`, readers still felt the same lack-of engagement/ as readers↑/ who read jargon /that wasn't-explained.
8. The `problem` /is that the mere/mɪə/ `pre`sence /of jargon sends-a discouraging message to readers.
9. Hillary/ˈhɪləri/ Shulman/ˈʃʊlmən/, the author/ˈɔːθə/-of the study↑，asserts that specialized* words /are a signal.
10. Jargon/ tells people that/ the `message`/ isn't/ for them. There is-an even `dar`ker side/ to how↑ people react to jargon.
11. In-a`no`ther study，researchers found* that/ reading scientific articles /containing `jargon`/ led people to `doubt` /the `a`ctual/ˈæktʃuəl/ science.

12. They `found`/ the opposite/ˈɒpəzət/ /when-a text-is easier to read，`then` /people↑ are more persuaded/pəˈsweɪdɪd/.
13. `Thu`s，it's `important^` to communicate* clearly/ˈklɪəli/ / when talking about^ complex/ˈkɒmpleks/ /science `subjects`/ˈsʌbdʒɪkts/.
14. This-is-especially/speʃəli/ `true`/ with issues related^ to public^ health/helθ/，like the safety↑ of new medications/ and the benefits/ of vaccines/ˈvæksiːns/.
15. Shulman concedes* that the use of jargon/ is-appropriate /əˈprəʊpri-ət// with scientific audiences.
16. But /scientists who want^↑ to communicate* with the general public/ need^ to modify their language. They need /to eliminate^ /ɪˈlɪməneɪt/ jargon.
