# 作文模板

- [作文模板](#作文模板)
  - [小作文](#小作文)
    - [私人和公务书信](#私人和公务书信)
  - [告示](#告示)
  - [大作文](#大作文)

## 小作文

### 私人和公务书信

- 第一段

1. 文中已给出
   1. Dear 称呼
2. 文中未给出
   1. Dear Sir or Madam

3. 公务书信
   1. I am 文中给出内容
   2. I am an undergraduate from the department of Fine Arts in the(对内)/a(对外) university.
4. 私人书信
   1. How is everything going in these days?

5. I am writing this letter, to tell the truth, in order to [文中一定给出].

- 第二段

1. XXX, to begin with, keeps so [] that I [(never)fail to] [] in the general routine of everyday living.
   1. The XXX, to begin with, is meant to
2. In addition, it has been widely accepted that []. [therefore], [].
3. At last, [] although [].

- 第三段

1. 公务书信
   1. [文中要求]Hope that
   2. Thanks for your kind consideration of my[文中无要求]
       1. requirement
       2. application
       3. complaint.
   3. I look forward to a favourable reply at your earliest convenience.

2. 私人书信
   1. [文中要求]Hope that
   2. Please bring my best wished to your family.
   3. I look forward to a favourable reply at your earliest convenience.[文中无要求]

- Yours truly,
  - LiMing.

## 告示

- 标题(只有告示)Notice

- 第一段
  - 写作目的+具体论述
    - We are to...[绝对给出]
  - 公务书信的第二段
- 第二段
  1. welcome to join us. we are waiting for your coming.
  2. if you intended to join us, please email us at xxx@gmail.com.

## 大作文

1. [what looks beyond dispute is that]
   1. the number of urban citizens, **from the years 1990 to 2010**, rocketed by 370 million sharply.
   2. [on the contrary],
   3. the number of rural individuals, **in the same period**, shrank to 680 million dramatically.
2. [the meaning of the chart proves quite conspicuous]:
3. [it is] [the majority of]/[an increasing number of] farmers [that] **tend to** flood into big cities in recent 20 years.

- 模板第二段

1. [The majority of the masses, in my judgment, would agree that the issue has its deep roots as follows].
2. [The main element for the issue is that]
   1. [the farther] one climbs, [the higher he will] see.
      1. [which has been widely accepted by the experts and **professors**].
3. [Additionally],
   1. sth1. is sth2.
     - which means that
       - 3个主语一致的简单句
       - When引导的时间状语从句
4. [As a consequence],
   1. [Not only does] Respecting keep a Chinese conventional virtue, [but also can] proves the responsibility of their offspring.
   2. although an ocean of private individuals hardly ever places great emphasis on the situation

- 模板第三段

1. In conclusion, __ keeps as crucial as sunshine and rainwater, which plays a key role in the normal growth of most **plants** in the world.
2. we(换成具体人) can not have failed to do(准确事)
   1. in the meanwhile,
3. It seems imperative that
   1. the elderly/ teachers in primary schools or universities/ communities/village committee
   2. should educate/ encourage
   3. their kids/ undergraduates/ residents/ villager
   4. to do sth. / not to do sth.
4. [Should not we pour attention into the issue of] filial piety?
