# Overview

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [1.DOM](#1dom)
  - [2.Node](#2node)
  - [3.Node tree](#3node-tree)

## 1.DOM

DOM is the interface for JavaScirpt to manipulate web pages. the full name is <code style="color:#ea4335">Document Object Model</code>. Its role is to turn the web pages into a JavaScirpt object, so that you can use scirpts to perform various operations( such as adding and deleting content).

The brower will according to the DOM, parse structured documents (such as HTML and XML) into a series of nodes. then these nodes form a tree structure(DOM Tree). All nodes and the final tree structure have standardized external interface.

The relationship of DOM and JavaScirpt

1. DOM is just an interface specification, which can be implemented in various languages. So strictly speaking, DOM is not part of JavaScirpt syntax, But DOM manipulation is the most common task of JavaScirpt. Without the DOM, JavaScirpt cannot control web pages.
2. On the other hand, JavaScirpt is also the most commonly used language for DOM manipulation.

## 2.Node

The smallest unit of DOM is called a <code style="color:#ea4335">node</code>. The tree structure of the document is composed of various type of nodes. Each node can be regarded as a leaf of the document structure.

There are seven types of nodes.

- <code style="color:#ea4335">Document</code>: The top of the entire document tree.
- <code style="color:#ea4335">DocumentType</code>:<code style="color:#ea4335">doctype</code> tag(such as <code style="color:#ea4335">\<!DOCTYPE html></code>)
- <code style="color:#ea4335">Element</code>: Various HTML tags of the web page(such as <code style="color:#ea4335">\<body></code>,<code style="color:#ea4335">\<a></code>,etc.)
- <code style="color:#ea4335">Attr</code>: The properties of web apge element.
- <code style="color:#ea4335">Text</code>: Text between or between tags.
- <code style="color:#ea4335">Comment</code>: commentary
- <code style="color:#ea4335">DocumentFragment</code> The fragment of document.

The browser provides a native node object <code style="color:#ea4335">Node</code>. The above seven kinds of nodes all inherit <code style="color:#ea4335">Nodes</code>,so they have some common properties and methods.

## 3.Node tree

All nodes of a document can be abstracted into a tree structure according to their level. This tree structure is DOM tree. It has a top-level node, the next layer is the child node of the top-level node, and then the child node has its own child node.

The brower natively provides the <code style="color:#ea4335">document</code> node, which represents the entire document.

```js
document
// the whole dom tree
```

There are two nodes in the first level of the document.

- The first is the document type node(<code style="color:#ea4335">\<!doctype html></code>)
- The second is top-level container tag <code style="color:#ea4335">\<html></code> of the HTML web pages. It constitutes the root node of the tree structure and other HTML tag nodes are its subordinate nodes.

Except the root node, Other nodes have three hierarchical relationships.

- parentNode: The immediate superior node
- childNodes: The immediate subordinate node
- subling: Nodes that have the same parent node
