# Node Interface

## 1.properties

### 1.1 Node.prototype.nodeType

The <code style="color:#ea4335">nodeType</code> property return an integer value that represent the type of nodes.

The Node object defines several constants corresponding to these type values.

The <code style="color:#ea4335">nodeType</code> value and corresponding constants of different nodes are as follows.

- document: 9, corresponding to the constant <code style="color:#ea4335">Node.DOCUMENT_NODE</code>
- element:1, corresponding to the constant <code style="color:#ea4335">Node.ELEMENT_NODE</code>
- attr:2, corresponding to the constant <code style="color:#ea4335">Node.ATTRIBUTE_NODE</code>
- text:3, corresponding to the constant <code style="color:#ea4335">Node.TEXT_NODE</code>
- DocumentFragment:11, corresponding the constant <code style="color:#ea4335">Node.DOCUMENT_FRAGMENT_NODE</code>
- Comment:8, corresponding the constant <code style="color:#ea4335">Node.COMMENT_NODE</code>

When determining the node type, using the nodeType property is a common method.

```JS
var node = document.documentElement.firstChild;
if (node.nodeType === Node.ELEMENT_NODE) {
    console.log('该节点是元素节点');
    console.log(node.nodeType);//1
}
```

### 1.2 Node.prototype.nodeName

<code style="color:#ea4335">nodeName</code> properties return the name of Nodes.

```js
// HTML 代码如下
// <div id="d1">hello world</div>
var div = document.getElementById('d1');
div.nodeName // "DIV"
```

The <code style="color:#ea4335">nodeName</code> properties of different nodes are as follow.

- <code style="color:#ea4335">Document</code>: <code style="color:#ea4335">#document</code>
- <code style="color:#ea4335">Element</code>: Uppercase tag name
- <code style="color:#ea4335">Attr</code>: The name of attributes
- <code style="color:#ea4335">Text</code>:<code style="color:#ea4335">#text</code>
- <code style="color:#ea4335">DocumentFragment</code>: <code style="color:#ea4335">#document-frament</code>
- <code style="color:#ea4335">DocumentType</code>: The type of document
- <code style="color:#ea4335">Comment</code>: <code style="color:#ea4335">#comment</code>

### 1.3 Node.prototype.nodeValue

The <code style="color:#ea4335">nodeValue</code> attribute return a string representing the text value of the current node itself. This property can be read and written.

Only text, comment, attribute nodes have text values. Therefore, the <code style="color:#ea4335">nodeValue</code> of these three types of nodes can return results, anc all other types of nodes will return <code style="color:#ea4335">null</code>.

```js
// HTML 代码如下
// <div id="d1">hello world</div>
var div = document.getElementById('d1');
div.nodeValue // null
div.firstChild.nodeValue // "hello world"
```

### 1.4 Node.prototype.textContent

<code style="color:#ea4335">textContent</code> property returns the text content of the current node and all its descendants.

```js
// HTML 代码为
// <div id="divA">This is <span>some</span> text</div>

document.getElementById('divA').textContent
// This is some text
```

The <code style="color:#ea4335">textContent</code> property attribure automatically ignores the HTML tags inside the current node and returns all text content.

this property can be read and written. Setting the value of this property will replace all the original child nodes with a new text node.

It also has the advantage of automatically escaping HTML tags. This is great for user-providedc content.

```js
document.getElementById('foo').textContent = '<p>GoodBye!</p>';
```

when the above code inserts text. it will interpret the <code style="color:#ea4335">\<p></code> tag as text instead of processing is as a tag

- For text nodes(text), comment nodes and attribute node, the value of the <code style="color:#ea4335">textContent</code> attribute is the same as the <code style="color:#ea4335">nodeValue</code> attribute.
- For other type nodes, This attribute will connect the contents of each child node (not including the comment node) together and return. it will return an empty string if a certain node does't have child nodes.

The <code style="color:#ea4335">textContent</code> property of document and doctype is null. If you want to read the content of the entire document, you can use <code style="color:#ea4335">document.documentElement.textContent.</code>
