# ParentNode and ChildNode interface

- [ParentNode and ChildNode interface](#parentnode-and-childnode-interface)
  - [1. ParentNode interface](#1-parentnode-interface)
    - [1.1 ParentNode.children](#11-parentnodechildren)
    - [1.2 ParentNode.firstElementChild](#12-parentnodefirstelementchild)
    - [1.3 ParentNode.lastElementChild](#13-parentnodelastelementchild)
    - [1.4 ParentNode.childElementCount](#14-parentnodechildelementcount)
    - [1.5 ParentNode.append(), ParrentNode.prepend()](#15-parentnodeappend-parrentnodeprepend)
  - [2.ChildNode interface](#2childnode-interface)
    - [2.1 ChildNode.remove()](#21-childnoderemove)
    - [2.2 ChildNode.before(), ChildNode.after()](#22-childnodebefore-childnodeafter)
    - [2.3 ChildNode.replaceWith()](#23-childnodereplacewith)

## 1. ParentNode interface

If the current node is parent node, it will mixin the <code style="color:#ea4335">ParentNode</code> interface. Since Only the <code style="color:#ea4335">element</code>, <code style="color:#ea4335">document</code> and <code style="color:#ea4335">documentFragment</code> has child nodes, so only these three types of nodes will have the <code style="color:#ea4335">ParentNode</code> interface.

### 1.1 ParentNode.children

The <code style="color:#ea4335">children</code> property returns an instance of <code style="color:#ea4335">HTMLCollection</code>, its members are all nodes of current node. This property is read-only

The following is an instance of travering all element child nodes of a certain node.

```js
let shitChilds = document.getElementById('shits').children;
for(var i = 0 ; i< shitChilds.length ;i++){
    console.log(shitChilds[i]);
}
```

Note that the <code style="color:#ea4335">children</code> property only includes element nodes, not other types of child nodes(such as text child nodes).

In addition, the <code style="color:#ea4335">HTMLCollection</code> is a dynamic collection, any changes of DOM will be reflected in time.

### 1.2 ParentNode.firstElementChild

The <code style="color:#ea4335">firstElementChild</code> property return the fisrt element node of current node. <code style="color:#ea4335">null</code> is return if there is no any element node.

```js
document.firstElementChild.nodeName
// "HTML"
```

### 1.3 ParentNode.lastElementChild

The <code style="color:#ea4335">lastElementChild</code> property returns the last element node of current node. <code style="color:#ea4335">null</code> is return if there is no any element node.

```js
document.lastElementChild.nodeName
// "HTML"
```

👆This is because the <code style="color:#ea4335">document</code> only contains the child node of this element.

### 1.4 ParentNode.childElementCount

The <code style="color:#ea4335">childElementCount</code> property return an integer value indicates the count of all the element child nodes of the current node. <code style="color:#ea4335">0</code> is returned if it does't contain any element child nodes.

### 1.5 ParentNode.append(), ParrentNode.prepend()

1. ParentNode.append()

    <code style="color:#ea4335">append()</code> method appends ones or more child nodes to the current node, the position is after the child node of the last element.

    This method can not only add element child nodes(parameters are element nodes), but also can add text child nodes (parameters are strings)

    **Example:**

    ```js
    var parent = document.body;

    // 添加元素子节点
    var p = document.createElement('p');
    parent.append(p);

    // 添加文本子节点
    parent.append('Hello');

    // 添加多个元素子节点
    var p1 = document.createElement('p');
    var p2 = document.createElement('p');
    parent.append(p1, p2);

    // 添加元素子节点和文本子节点
    var p = document.createElement('p');
    parent.append('Hello', p);
    ```

    This method does't have retrun value.

    Note that this method is different from the <code style="color:#ea4335">Node.prototype.appendChild()</code> method in three points

    - <code style="color:#ea4335">append()</code> allows strings as parameters, <code style="color:#ea4335">appendChild()</code> only allows child node as parameter.
    - <code style="color:#ea4335">append()</code> has no return value. and <code style="color:#ea4335">appendChild()</code> returns the added child node.
    - <code style="color:#ea4335">append()</code> can add mutiple child nodes and strings(that is, parameters are allowed), <code style="color:#ea4335">appendChild()</code> can only add a node(that is, only one parameter is allowed)

2. ParentNode.prepend()

    <code style="color:#ea4335">prepend()</code> method appends one or more child nodes to the current node. The position is before the first element child node. Its usage is exactly the same as the <code style="color:#ea4335">append()</code> method, and there is no return value.

## 2.ChildNode interface

If a node has a parent node, then the node has the <code style="color:#ea4335">ChildNode</code> interface.

### 2.1 ChildNode.remove()

<code style="color:#ea4335">remove()</code> method is used to remove the current node from the parent node.

```js
el.remove()
```

### 2.2 ChildNode.before(), ChildNode.after()

<code style="color:#ea4335">before()</code> method is used to insert one or more nodes at the same level in front of the current node. Both of them have the same parent node.

<code style="color:#ea4335">after()</code> method is used to insert one or more nodes at the same level after the current node. Both of them have the same parent node.

```js
let bullshit = document.getElementById('bullshit');
bullshit.before("I should be in front");
bullshit.after("I should be behind")
bullshit.replaceWith("I replace the bullshit")
```

Note that both of methods can not only insert element node, but text node.

### 2.3 ChildNode.replaceWith()

<code style="color:#ea4335">replaceWith()</code> method uses a parameter node to replace the current node. Parameters can be element nodes or text nodes.

```js
let bullshit = document.getElementById('bullshit');
bullshit.replaceWith("I replace the bullshit")
```
