# 08

- [08](#08)
  - [works](#works)
  - [0407](#0407)
  - [0409](#0409)
  - [0410](#0410)
  - [0411](#0411)
  - [0412](#0412)
  - [0413](#0413)
  - [0414](#0414)
  - [0417](#0417)

## works

The One With the List

本节词汇：

unplug ：v. 拔掉…的电源插头

saline solution ：盐水

love triangle：三角恋

crumble：v. (使)破碎，成碎屑;坍塌;损坏;崩裂;(开始渐渐)衰退，衰弱;崩溃;瓦解;消亡

cut him some slack：放他一马

squirm：v. (因紧张、不舒服等)动来动去，来回扭动，坐卧不宁;十分尴尬;羞愧难当;无地自容

beetle.：n. 甲虫;“甲壳虫”小汽车(一款大众牌小汽车的英语名) v. 快速移动

pistachio:n. 开心果;阿月浑子;淡绿色

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Phoebe, Monica, and Rachel are there, discussing the night before.]

## 0407

RACH: Ross kissed me.

MNCA: Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!

RACH: It was unbelievable!

MNCA: Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!

PHOE: Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and unplug the phone. Rachel, does this end well or do we need to get tissues?

结局很好还是我们需要去拿纸巾

unplug ：v. 拔掉…的电源插头

RACH: Oh, it ended very well.

PHOE: Oh.

MNCA: [getting the wine] Do not start without me. Do not start without me.

我来了再开始

PHOE: Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was-it like, was-it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a "I gotta have you now" kind of thing?

先说那个吻吧，是轻抚过你嘴唇的轻吻呢还是欲火焚身的热吻

RACH: Well, at first it was really intense, you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort-of sunk-into it.

非常的强烈，然后我们完全沉醉了

PHOE: Ok, so, ok, was he holding you? Or was his hand like on your back?

RACH: No, actually first they started on my waist. And then, they slid-up, and then, they were in my hair.

PHOE/MNCA: Ohhhh.

[Scene: Ross' apartment. Ross, Chandler, and Joey are there eating pizza.]

ROSS: And, uh, and then I kissed-her.

JOEY: Tongue?

ROSS: Yeah.

JOEY: Cool.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Central Perk. Joey, Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler are there; Chandler is showing everyone his new computer.]

CHAN: All right, check-out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet/ˈspredʃiːt/ capabilities and a modemˈmoʊdem/ that transmits-at over 28,000 b.p.s.

12兆缓存，500兆的硬盘，还有内置电子制表功能，外加传输速度超过28kbps的调制解调器

PHOE: Wow. What are you gonna use it for?

CHAN: [doggedly] Games-and stuff.

MNCA: [reading the paper] There are no jobs. There are no jobs for me.

JOEY: [reading over her shoulder] Wait, here's one. Uh, would you be willing to cook naked?

MNCA: There's an ad/æd/ for a naked chef/ʃef/?

JOEY: No, but if you're willing to cook naked, then you might be willing to dance naked. And then... [rubs his fingers together]

[Ross enters, distraught.]

ROSS: Hi.

PHOE: Hey, oh, so, um...how'd you make-out last night?

昨晚亲热的怎么样了

ROSS: That, that is funny. That is painfully funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just painful

MNCA: Wait a minute. I thought last night was great.

ROSS: Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline/ˈseɪliːn/ solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?

saline solution ：盐水

JOEY: You got all that from saline solution?

你通过一杯盐水能联想到这么多

MNCA: We are talking about Rachel here. You and Rachel.

ROSS: Believe me, I've been dreaming about me and Rachel for ten years now. But now, I'm with Julie, so it's like me and Julie, me and Rachel, me and Julie, me and... [Rachel enters, carrying a tray]... Rachel. Rachel, Rachel.

RACH: [to Ross] Hey, you.

ROSS: How are you?

RACH: Good. How are you?

ROSS: Good.

[Julie enters.]

JULIE: Hi, honey.

ROSS: Hi, Julie. [nervous] Hi, Julie. Julie, um, how are you?

JULIE: Good.

ROSS: [uncomfortable] Good, so everybody's here. Everybody's good. So, were you gonna play something, Phoebe?

PHOE: Oh, well, actually.

ROSS: [impatient] Play it.

PHOE: Ok, all right.

JOEY: Hey, Julie, I didn't know you wore/wɔːr/ lenses/ˈlɛnzəz/.

JULIE: What?

ROSS: [to Joey] Ssshh.

## 0409

PHOE: Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle/ˈtraɪæŋɡl/ between three people that I made-up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night".

love triangle：三角恋

[Ross and Rachel look at each other and then at Phoebe, realizing the song is about their situation.]

PHOE: [singing] There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress/stres/ this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts-aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will-it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made-him up, he must decide!

[Scene: Mr. Ratstatter's (RTST) office. Monica is there about a job.]

RTST: This is a nice resume. Nice, nice, nice. Muy impressivo.

MNCA: So, Mr. Rastatter, what exactly does this job entail/ɪnˈteɪl/? The ad wasn't too clear.

RTST: Mockolate.

MNCA: I'm sorry?

RTST: Mockolate. It's-a completely synthetic/sɪnˈθetɪk/ chocolate substitute.

巧克力的替代物吗

MNCA: Ohh.

[He pulls out a piece of Mockolate.]

RTST: Go ahead. Try a piece. Yeah, we think that Mockolate is even better than chocolate.

MNCA: All right. Mmm-mmm.

[She tastes it, and obviously hates it.]

RTST: Yeah?

MNCA: [disgusted, trying not to show it] I love how it crumblesˈ/krʌmblz/. Now see, your chocolate doesn't do that.

我喜欢它的口感

crumble：v. (使)破碎，成碎屑;坍塌;损坏;崩裂;(开始渐渐)衰退，衰弱;崩溃;瓦解;消亡

RTST: No, ma'am. Well, anyhoo, we should be getting our F.D.A. approval any day now, hopefully, in time for Thanksgiving. See, the way we look-at it, chocolate already dominates most- of your major food-preparation holidays: Easter, Christmas, what have you.

MNCA: [still chewing] Mmm-mmm.

RTST: But, we're thinking, given the right marketing, we can make Thanksgiving the Mockolate holiday.

MNCA: Wow.

RTST: Aren't you going to swallow that?

MNCA: Just waiting for it to stop bubbling.

RTST: Yeah, isn't that great?

MNCA: [with false enthusiasm] Mmm.

RTST: Well, anyhoo, um, we are looking for a couple of chefs/ʃɛfs/-who can create some Thanksgiving-themed recipes. You think you might be interested?

MNCA: Abso...[swallows hard]...lutely. See, I love **creating** new recipes. I love Thanksgiving. And, well, now, I love Mockolate.

RTST: Really?

MNCA: Especially the after taste, you know, I'll tell ya, that'll last ya till Christmas.

## 0410

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Phoebe are there. Monica is suggesting Mockolate recipes to Phoebe.]

MNCA: How about Mockolate mousse?

PHOE: It's not, it's not very Thanksgiving-y.

MNCA: Ok, how about pilgrim/ˈpɪlɡrɪm/ Mockolate mousse?

PHOE: What makes-it pilgrim?

MNCA: We'll put buckles-on it.

[Rachel enters.]

RACH: Hey.

PHOE: Hey.

MNCA: Hey.

RACH: Did uh, Ross call?

MNCA: No, I'm sorry.

RACH: Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's gonna be all, "Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna get married, have a lot of kids and dig-up stuff together."

PHOE: No offense/əˈfens/, but that sounds nothing like her.

没有冒犯的意思，但是她绝对不会这么说

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Ross is up in arms about the Rachel/Julie situation.]

ROSS: I don't know what I'm gonna do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like-a complete nightmare/ˈnaɪtmer/.

CHAN: Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous-and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.

JOEY: Hey, here's-a thought, Ross. [reaches for the computer]

CHAN: Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer.

JOEY: Ross, listen. I got two words for you. Threesome/ˈθriːsəm/.

[Ross gives him an insulted look.]

CHAN: Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make-a list. Rachel and Julie, pros-and cons. Oh. We'll put their names- in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column.

ROSS: Can't we just use-a pen?

CHAN: No, Amish/ˈɑːmɪʃ/ boy.

JOEY: Ok, let's start with the cons, 'cause they're more fun. All right, Rachel first.

ROSS: I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess- you can say she's-a little spoiled sometimes.

他有点公主病

JOEY: You could say that.

ROSS: And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's-a little ditzy/ˈdɪtsi/, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have-a lot-in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.

有时候他有点傻，太注重自己的外表，但是我和朱莉有很多的共同点，因为我们都是古生物学家，但是瑞秋只是个服务员

ditzy：adj. 傻的;愚蠢的;忘性大的;糊涂的

CHAN: Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?

你们要玩毁灭战士吗

ROSS: I don't know.

JOEY: Oh, her ankles-are a little chubby.

她的脚踝有点胖

CHAN: Ok, let's do Julie. What's wrong with her?

ROSS: [long pause] She's not Rachel.

## 0411

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica has made food for Phoebe and Rachel to taste.]

MNCA: Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb/krʌm/ crust/krʌst/. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and these are mockolate chip cookies. Just like the Indians served.

[Rachel takes a bite.]

RACH: Oh my god.

MNCA: Oh my god good?

RACH: Oh my god, I can't believe you let me put this in my mouth.

[Rachel runs to the sink to spit it out.]

PHOE: Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what evil must taste like!

鬼才吃这种东西

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is on the phone with a computer hotline.]

CHAN: I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek/stɑːr trek/?

这个打印机坏了，我按了一百多次了，对热线而言，你没有那么热。你的背景音乐是什么

[Ross enters with a melancholy look.]

JOEY: [to Ross] Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break-her heart?

ROSS: Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw/θruː/ things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thing.

CHAN: [in phone] So, Spock-actually hugs/hʌɡz/ his father?

[Rachel enters.]

RACH: Hey, do you guys have...[sees Ross, pauses]...hi.

ROSS: Hi.

RACH: [sees his coat on] **Where** you goin'?

ROSS: I uh, I just got back from uh, from Julie's.

RACH: [dejected] Oh.

ROSS: No, no, uh, it's not what you think. It's um the other thing.

RACH: Well, what's the other thing, what do I think?

[Joey is looking at Rachel, smiling, and gesturing his head towards Ross.]

ROSS: Well, uh.

JOEY: He broke-up with Julie. Well, go hug-her, for god's sakes.

RACH: Really?

ROSS: Really. It's always been you, Rach.

[Ross and Rachel hug.]

RACH: Oh, god.

JOEY/CHAN: Ohhh.

RACH: Oh, oh, this is good, this is really good.

ROSS: I know, I know, it's, it's almost...[turns around, sees Chandler and Joey] What do you say we go take-a walk, just-us, not them?

RACH: Let me get my coat.

ROSS: Ok. No, hey, whoa, whoa, I'll get-your coat.

[Ross leaves.]

RACH: Ok, he's goin' to get my coat. He's goin' to get my coat. Oh my god, you guys. I can't believe this. This is unbelievable. [notices Chandler's computer screen] What's that?

CHAN: [nervous] What? Nothing.

[Chandler closes up the laptop computer screen.]

RACH: What's that? What? I saw my name. What is- it?

CHAN: No, no, see? See? [the printer starts to run] Hey, it's printing. [to Joey, rattled] Hey, it's printing!

[Chandler rips off the sheet of paper from the printer.]

RACH: Well what is it? Let me see.

[Ross walks back in, Rachel's coat in hand.]

ROSS: Hey, someone order-a coat?

有人订外套吗

RACH: Ross, Chandler wrote something about me on his computer and he won't let me see.

ROSS: He won't? [remembers what it is] He won't! Because, isn't that, isn't that the, the short story you were writing?

CHAN: Yes, yes it is, short story, that I was writing.

RACH: And I'm-in-it? Then let me read-it

CHAN, JOEY, ROSS: No!

RACH: Come on.

JOEY: Hey, uh, why don't-you read-it to her?

[Ross and Chandler stare angrily at Joey, who thinks he has come up with a good idea.]

## 0412

CHAN: [through gritted teeth] Alright. [clears his throat] "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end."

寂寞的灰沙发

ROSS: That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.

RACH: All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.

ROSS: No, you don't.

RACH: All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys wanna be children about this, that's fine. I do not need to see it. [Rachel grabs the paper and runs across the room, reading it to herself.]

RACH: What is this? Ross, what is this?

CHAN: Good luck.

[Chandler and Joey leave quickly.]

ROSS: Ok, just, just remember how crazy I am about you, ok?

RACH: Kind of ditzy? Too into her looks? Spoiled?

有点傻？太注重外表？娇生惯养？

ROSS: Now that's-a little spoiled. He was supposed to type "little", the idiot.

RACH: Just a waitress?

ROSS: No, that, that was, I mean, as opposed/əˈpoʊzd/ to uh, the uh, ok. Is it so we get yet Rach?

RACH: Oh! I do not have chubby ankles!

[Rachel leaves, and Ross follows her into the hall.]

ROSS: No, no, wait, ok, ok, look at the other side. Look at Julie's column.

RACH: She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't know because I'm just a waitress.

是什么古生物学家专用的语言吗？因为我是个服务员所以看不懂吗

[She goes into her apartment and slams the door.]

ROSS: No, Rach, come on. Rach! Rach, no, no! She's not Rachel, she is, she is not, Ra--Rachel?

[Scene: Central Perk. Chandler, Monica, Joey, and Phoebe are there.]

CHAN: My diary! My diary, that's brilliant/ˈbrɪliənt/. I should have told-her it was my diary, she never would-ve made me read-her my diary.

MNCA: You know, that's true. You'd be a great person **to have around the day** after an emergency.

你很适合在出事的第二天放马后炮

PHOE: I... I cannot believe Ross even made this list. What a dinkus.

真是个混蛋

JOEY: Hey, cut-him some slack. It was Chandler's idea.

放他一马吧

PHOE: What?

MNCA: What?

CHAN: Oh good, I was hoping that would come up.

MNCA: This was your idea?

PHOE: What were you thinking?

CHAN: [squirming] All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.

squirm：v. (因紧张、不舒服等)动来动去，来回扭动，坐卧不宁;十分尴尬;羞愧难当;无地自容

MNCA: Yeah. You!

CHAN: All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe-in that karma crap, don't you?

你相信因果报应对吗？

PHOE: Yeah, by the way, good luck-in your next life as-a dung beetle.

beetle.：n. 甲虫;“甲壳虫”小汽车(一款大众牌小汽车的英语名) v. 快速移动

## 0413

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Rachel is sitting on the couch, eating candy. It is raining out. Ross climbs up the fire escape and is knocking on the window.]

ROSS: Rach! Whoops! Rach, hey, open up, please!

RACH: [coldly] When somebody does not buzz-you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please climb/klaɪm/ the fire escape.

ROSS: I just wanna read you something. It's your pro list.

RACH: Not interested.

[Rachel closes the drapes over the window, goes into her bedroom and closes the door.]

ROSS: [reading his list] Ok, ok, number one: The way you cry at game shows. Number two: how much you love your friends. Number three: the way you play with your hair when you're nervous. Number four: how brave you are for starting your life- over. Number five: how great you are with Ben.

[Monica, Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe enter, confused.]

ROSS: Number six: the way you smell.

JOEY: [opens the drapes] Hey, Ross! What are you doin'?

ROSS: Hey, Joey. You wanna open the window?

帮我开下窗户可以吗

JOEY: Oh, yeah, I do.

[He opens the window, Ross comes in, soaked.]

CHAN: What are you doing out there?

ROSS: I am, uh, I am...

MNCA: Oh my god, he must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup-of hot Mockolate?

[Ross runs to Rachel's bedroom, knocking on the door.]

ROSS: Rach, come on, open up. Rach, come on, come on, Rach. You got to give me another chance.

[Rachel opens the door.]

RACH: No.

ROSS: No?

RACH: That's what I said.

CHAN: Look, maybe we should go?

RACH: No, you guys, you really don't have to go, **we're done** talking.

ROSS: Rach, come on, look, I know how you must.

RACH: [near tears] No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think-about yourself. Now, how would-you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as what is not to be with you.

ROSS: No, but, but I wanna be with you in spite- of all those things.

就算是这样，我也想跟你在一起

RACH: Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big-of you, Ross. [to the others] I said don't go!

你真伟大

ROSS: You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would `ever` make me not wanna be with you.

如果今天是你列单子的话，不管你在上面写了什么，都不会阻止我跟你在一起

RACH: Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make-a list.

## 0414

[She closes the door in his face. Ross walks sullenly back to the couch and sits down. A moment of silence ensues.]

JOEY: [quietly] I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type-of a situation before you can talk-again, you know? [Ross stares blankly at him] Maybe a little longer.

[Scene: Mr. Ratstatter's office. Monica is there.]

MNCA: Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut/koʊkənʌt/ mockolate holiday nut/nʌt/ bars/bɑːrz/. I've indicated/ˈɪndɪkeɪtɪd/ four cups-of coconut, and four cups-of crushed nut/krʌʃt/, and only, uh, one tablespoon of mockolate.

RTST: Doesn't matter.

MNCA: What?

RTST: Our FDA approval didn't come through. Something about laboratory rats/ræts/.

MNCA: Oh, gosh, I'm sorry.

RTST: Yeah, well, anyhoo, here is your check. [hands it to her] Thank-you for all the trouble you went through. Um, listen, you didn't eat a lot-of-it while you were cooking, did-you?

谢谢你的努力

MNCA: Well, uh, I ate some.

RTST: Oh, some, that's fine. Some is fine. Some is not a lot. So, it doesn't burn/bɜːrn/ when you pee, does-it?

那你尿尿的时候没有灼痛的感觉吧

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Rachel are there.]

(phone rings)

MNCA: Hello?

[Ross is at his apartment.]

ROSS: Hi.

RACH: [to Monica] Is that him again? Tell-him I'd come to the phone, but my ankles-are weighin' me down.

但是我的脚踝太胖了走不动

MNCA: [to Ross] Listen, I... I don't think this is the best time.

ROSS: Look, can, can you do something for me?

MNCA: Sure, what? Ok, ok. [hangs up the phone] [to Rachel] Music?

[Monica turns on the radio.]

RADIO: The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants-you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did-and he hopes-you can find- it-in your heart to forgive-him. (With or Without You plays)

下一首是ross为瑞秋点的歌，希望你能从心底里原谅他

[Rachel seems touched. She pauses for a moment, then picks up the phone and starts to dial. Cut to Ross at his apartment.]

RADIO: Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told-us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling/əˈpɔːlɪŋ/, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands-a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes-you two will work- it out.

真的太震撼了，如果你知道原因的话，你就不会想放音乐了。我们何不把时间留给还有机会的情侣。他希望你们能解决问题

## 0417

[Scene: Mr. Ratstatter's office. Monica is there.]

RTST: Hi, thanks for coming in again.

MNCA: Oh, not at all. I have no morals and I need the cash.

我既没道德又需要用钱

RTST: It's like I'm lookin' in a mirror. Anyway, they're called "fishtachios". They taste exactly like pistachios/pəˈstæʃiˌoʊz/, but they're made primarily/praɪˈmerəli/ of reconstituted/ˌriːˈkɑːnstətuːtɪd/ fish bits. Here, try one. You're not allergic/əˈlɜːrdʒɪk/ to anything, are you?

我们俩真是一模一样啊。这个味道尝起来很像是开心果，但是使用鱼肉重新压制的

pistachio:n. 开心果;阿月浑子;淡绿色

MNCA: Cat hair.

猫毛

RTST: Oh, sorry.

END
