# 10

- [10](#10)
  - [words](#words)
  - [0507](#0507)
  - [0508](#0508)
  - [0509](#0509)
  - [0510](#0510)

## words

The One With Russ

本节词汇：

mediocre：adj. 平庸的;普通的;平常的

avert ：v. 防止，避免(危险、坏事);转移目光;背过脸

lousy ：adj. 非常糟的;极坏的;恶劣的;(认为某物无太大价值而不满或感到受辱)讨厌的，倒霉的;(某事物或人)太多的

dumpster :n. 废料箱

bombed：adj. 烂醉如泥

wasted:adj. 徒劳无功的;白费的;(尤指因病)瘦骨嶙峋的，瘦弱的;极度迷醉的

flask：n. 烧瓶

ecstatic：adj. 狂喜的;热情极高的

moth：蛾

draw to=have a thing暗恋

goober:蠢蛋

## 0507

[The gang is walking to a newsstand late at night. Joey is anxiously in the lead.]

RACH: Joey, would-you slow down? They're not gonna be sold-out of papers-at one o'clock-in the morning.

凌晨一点报纸是不会卖完的

JOEY: I'm excited! I've never gotten/ɡɑːtn/ reviewed before.

MNCA: You were so amazing as the king. really impressed, I was.

你演的很好，我印象很深刻

PHOE: Although, you know what? You might want to consider wearing underwear next time. Yeah, cause when you sat down on your throne/θroʊn/ you could kind-of see your... royal/ˈrɔɪəl/ subject.

因为你登上宝座的时候，我们能看到你的。。。

JOEY: Here it is, here it is. [reading from newspaper] The only thing worse than the mindless /ˈmaɪndləs/, adolescent/ˌædəˈlesənt/ direction was Joseph Tribbiani's disturbingly/dɪˈstɜːbɪŋ/ unskilled portrayal/pɔːˈtreɪəl/-of the king.

唯一比盲目、愚蠢的导演还要蹩脚的就是乔伊诠释国王这一角色的演技

CHAN: OK, look, that is one guy's opinion, alright. Phoebs, read yours.

PHOE: OK. [reading] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent direction...

CHAN: Does anybody have one from a different paper? Ross, read yours.

ROSS: I don't want to.

RACH: Joey, honey, they don't know what they're talking about.

ROSS: Yeah.

JOEY: Maybe they do. I've been doin' this ten years and I haven't gotten anywhere. There's gotta be a reason.

我从事这个行业十年了，但是我一事无成，肯定有原因的

ROSS: Oh c'mon. Maybe you're just, uhhh... paying your dues/duː/.

现在只是耕耘阶段

JOEY: No, no, no, it.. it's too hard. It's not worth-it. I quit.

MNCA: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait one minute. Wait a minute. I believe this will change your mind. [Reads from paper] In-a mediocre/miːdiˈoʊkər/ play, Joseph Tribbiana was able to achieve brilliant new levels-of... continued-on page 153...[turns it] sucking.

mediocre：adj. 平庸的;普通的;平常的

Credits

## 0508

[Scene: Chandler, Phoebe, Rachel, Monica comforting Joey at Monica and Rachel's apartment.]

JOEY: When I was little, I wanted to be a veteranarian, but then I found-out you had to put your hands-into cows-and stuff.

我小时候想当兽医，但是我发现要把手伸到牛里面去

[Ross enters, depressed.]

ROSS: [sullenly] Hiiiiii.

PHOE: Are... are you OK?

ROSS: Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus/ˌsteɡə'sɔrəs/ fell/fel/-over and trapped-a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this jacket, this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?

剑龙倒了,一个小孩出不来了

MNCA: Maybe.

ROSS: Don't toy with me.

不要耍我

[Fun Bobby (FBOB) enters from Monica's bedroom.]

FBOB: Geller!

ROSS: Hey, Fun Bobby!

FBOB: Hey. Whoa, hey, you've been working out, huh?

ROSS: Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so psyched/saɪkt/ to hear you're back with my sister!

我很高兴你和我妹妹复合了

MNCA: You and me both.

FBOB: Hey, so what'd I miss, what'd I miss, c'mon?

PHOE: Oh, we were just trying to make Joey feel better.

FBOB: Hey, do you need me to pick you up?

需要我把你举起来吗

JOEY: No, I'm alright man. Really.

FBOB: No, I'm picking you up.

JOEY: Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... [Fun Bobby picks Joey up off the ground, bounces him. Joey laughs.] Alright! It still works.

FBOB: OK, now before I go, does anybody else need to be picked-up? [everyone raises their hands] I'm still gonna go.

MNCA: OK, I'll see you later babe.

FBOB: Uh, public display of affection coming up. You can avert-your eyes. [kisses Monica]

我们要公开亲热了，你们还是别看了

avert ：v. 防止，避免(危险、坏事);转移目光;背过脸

[Chandler and Joey are watching, Rachel turns their heads away from Monica.]

FBOB: See ya. [exits]

ALL: Bye! See you later!

PHOE: Fun Bobby is so great.

MNCA: Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.

lousy ：adj. 非常糟的;极坏的;恶劣的;(认为某物无太大价值而不满或感到受辱)讨厌的，倒霉的;(某事物或人)太多的

PHOE: Half full-of looooovvvvve.

MNCA: And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take we to his cousin's cabin/ˈkæbɪn/ for the weekend.

PHOE: Cabin of loooooovvvvve.

RACH: We went through a lot-of wine tonight, you guys. [walks over to table, holding five empty wine bottles]

MNCA: Really? I only had two glasses.

JOEY: I just had-a glass.

PHOE: Two.

RACH: I had one glass.

CHAN: I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned-at the Museum of Natural History' mug.

我用这个印了可爱的“我在自然博物馆看到骨头”的杯子喝了一大杯

RACH: OK, so that's... that's what, two bottles? And yet some how we went through five?

[All look towards door Fun Bobby left through.]

ROSS: Oooooh.

## 0509

JOEY: [realizing what everyone else did a minute ago] Ooooooh.

MNCA: So what. So he drank a lot tonight.

ROSS: Yeah but, you know, now that I think-about- it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink-in his hand.

PHOE: Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake-up-and I'm-in this dumpster/ˈdʌmpstə/ in Connecticut /kəˈnetɪkət/.'

我喝的烂醉，我们快喝趴下了

dumpster :n. 废料箱

bombed：adj. 烂醉如泥

wasted:adj. 徒劳无功的;白费的;(尤指因病)瘦骨嶙峋的，瘦弱的;极度迷醉的

JOEY: Monica, have you ever been with-him when he wasn't drinking?

MNCA: Well, we just happen to go to a lot-of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.

只是恰巧我们去的地方都是喝酒的地方，你去那里不能不喝酒吧

[Scene: Monica, Fun Bobby, and Phoebe sitting in Central Perk Rachel is serving them. She brings a mug to Monica.]

MNCA: Rach, is **this** nonfat/ˌnɒn ˈfæt/ milk?

里面有脱脂奶吗

RACH: Ehhhummmm, I don't know, **why** don't-you taste-it.

MNCA: [takes a sip] Mmmm, no.

RACH: Oh well, too late, sorry, you already had some.

FBOB: [pulls out a flask] Whattaya say we make these, uh, coffees Irish?

[Phoebe and Rachel look uncomfortable.]

PHOE: Um, cake.

RACH: Yeah, we're gonna... we're gonna get some cake. [Phoebe and Rachel go to counter.]

MNCA: You know what? It seems like you've been making an awful lot-of stuff Irish lately.

FBOB: Well, I would make them Belgian/ˈbeldʒən/, but the waffles/ˈwɒfəl/-are hard to get-into that flask/flæsk/.

我很想弄成比利时的，但是饼干很难塞进酒瓶子里

flask：n. 烧瓶

MNCA: Bobby.

FBOB: Yeah, OK.

MNCA: Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it-is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind-of worried-about you.

FBOB: OK, look, this isn't the first time somebody's said something to me about this, but, I don't know... I always made excuses-about-it, like... uhhh... 'I'm just-a social drinker,' or, 'C'mon, it's Flag Day.'

我总是找借口，像是我是为了应酬

MNCA: So, what are you saying now?

FBOB: I guess I'm saying, I'll try and quit. I kinda like that you worry about me. [they hug]

PHOE: [comes back to couch, with cake] Sooo, what's goin' on, huh?

FBOB: I am gonna try and quit drinking.

PHOE: [sad] Ooohh, why?

## 0510

[Chandler and Joey enter.]

CHAN: Hey.

JOEY: Hey.

MNCA: Hey.

PHOE: Hey.

CHAN: Guess who's back in show business.

猜猜谁重回大荧幕

PHOE: Ohh, ohh, Lorne Green?

CHAN: No, no, Phoebs. You know why? Cause he's dead.

PHOE: Oh, no.

CHAN: OK, I guess this is gonna seem kinda bittersweet/ˈbɪtərˌswit/ now, but... Joey, that's who.

现在他现在苦乐参半

JOEY: Yeah, my agent just called me with-an audition /ɔːˈdɪʃən/ for Days-of Our Lives!

PHOE: Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like-a soap opera/ˈɒpərə/ theme

CHAN: Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia/æmˈniːziə/.

amnesia：n. 记忆缺失;遗忘(症)

PHOE: Hey Rach, what time do you get off? We're all gonna do something tonight.

你什么时候下班

RACH: Ummmm.... well, actually I'm already done, but I...I kinda got plans.

MNCA: [gasps] You have other friends?

RACH: Yeah... I, uhh... I have a... I have a date.

MNCA: What?

JOEY: With-a man?

RACH: What? What is so strange about me having a date?

JOEY: What about Ross? I mean, are you still mad-at-him cause he made that list-about you?

RACH: Noooo, no, I'm not mad-at-him. I'm.. I'm not really anything at him anymore.

MNCA: What are you talking about?

RACH: I don't know. Whatever I was feeling, I'm... not.

PHOE: But you guys came so close.

RACH: Oh, I know, I'm sorry you guys. You're just gonna have to/ get used to the fact that I will not be dating Ross.

[Russ enters Central Perk. He looks like Ross, except for his chin and hair (it is David Schwimmer in a dual role).]

RACH: Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.

RUSS: [sounding like Ross] Hhhhiiiii.

[Everyone looks at each other in amazement.]

[Scene: Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Estelle (ESTL) is speaking on the phone.]

ESTL: Stop saying you're not talented, you're very talented. It's just with the bird dead-and-all, there's very little-act left. Oh, honey, give me a break, will ya? [a knock on the door] Oooh, ooh, I'll talk to you later.

那只鸟死后，就没什么戏份了，放我一马

[Joey enters.]

ESTL: Well, there's my favorite client. So tell me darling, how was the audition?

JOEY: Well, I think-it went pretty well. I.. I got-a callback for Thursday.

ESTL: Joey, have you ever seen me ecstatic/ɪkˈstætɪk/?

ecstatic：adj. 狂喜的;热情极高的

JOEY: No.

ESTL: Well, here it is. [She almost smiles.]

JOEY: OK, uh.... listen, there's something I want to talk to you about. The network casting lady...

ESTL: Oh, isn't Lori a doll/dɒːl/?

JOEY: Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the feeling that she was sort-of... coming on to me. And I definitely would get the part if I would've... you know... if I would have sent the Little General-in.

他好像对我有点意思，如果我出马的话，可能会拿到角色

ESTL: Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put-in a call here and we'll find-out what's goin' on and straighten/ˈstreɪtn/-it out. [picks up the phone] Yeah, hi, Lori please. [pause] Hi darling. So how 'bout Joey Tribbiani for the part of the cab driver, isn't-he terrific? [pause] Uh-huuuuh. [pause] Uh-huuuuh. OK, doll. Talk to you later. [hangs up] [to Joey] Yeah, you're gonna have to sleep with-her.

[Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel at counter, Phoebe, Chandler, and Fun Bobby at the couch.]

RACH: What's the matter?

MNCA: It's Fun Bobby.

RACH: What, isn't he sober/soʊbər/?

他不是清醒得嘛

MNCA: Oh, he's sober alright. Just turns-out that Fun Bobby was fun for a reason.

他是清醒是，只是我发现，搞笑波比搞笑是有原因的

RACH: Ohhh, OK.

[Monica returns to couch next to Fun Bobby.]

MNCA: Alright, here you go, sweetie. [hands Fun Bobby his coffee]

FBOB: Thanks. You wanna hear something funny?

MNCA: Oh God, yes!

FBOB: There are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.

只要一过了午夜，这附近的五金店就都关门了

PHOE: That is funny.

FBOB: I needed to buy a hammer the other night, and I'm out walkin' around the neighborhood but apparently there are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.

MNCA: Ahhh, hey honey? Don't you have to be at your interview now?

你现在不应该在面试吗

FBOB: Oh yeah. See you guys. [leaves]

CHAN: Bye..... ridiculously dull Bobby.

无聊的波比

MNCA: Oh.... my... God.

PHOE: It's not that bad.

MNCA: Not that bad? Did you not hear the hammer story?

PHOE: OK, OK, don't get all squinky.

别那么挑剔

RACH: Maybe it was just the kind-of story where you have to be there.

也许你该身临其境才会觉得搞笑

MNCA: But I'm gonna be there... for the rest of my life. I mean, I can't break-up with him. I'm the one who made-him quit drinking. He's dull because of me.

但我下半辈子都会身临其境

PHOE: Alright, don't say that. He's probably always been dull. You just, you know, set it free.

你只是让他本性毕露

[Russ enters, walking in behind Chandler.]

RUSS: Hi.

CHAN: [turning around] Hey Ross.... bahhhh!

RACH: Hi Russ, I've just got two more tables to clean and then we'll go, OK?

我再收拾两张桌子我们就可以走了

RUSS: OK, I'll just sit here and... uh... chat with your, uh.... friend-type....people.

跟你的朋友聊聊天

[Phoebe walks up to Rachel, cleaning tables.]

PHOE: Rachel? Um, hi.

RACH: Hi.

PHOE: OK, so, you know what you're doing, right?

RACH: Uhh.... waitressing?

PHOE: Well, yeah, but... no. I mean, umm... doesn't.... doesn't Russ just remind you of someone?

RACH: [looks at him] Huh, Bob Saget?

PHOE: [looks at Russ] Oh, yeah! No, no, no, no, oh, oh.

[Phoebe turns back around but Rachel is gone. Ross enters.]

PHOE: Oh, my, oh!

ROSS: What? What's wrong?

PHOE: I, OK....

MNCA: She's just upset because she, uh, she buttered a spider into her toast this morning.

他不小心把一只蜘蛛涂在吐司上了

ROSS: Alright.

CHAN: [to Phoebe] Listen, Phoebs, this is gonna be OK. [introducing Russ and Ross] Ross, Russ. Russ, Ross.

RUSS: Hi.

ROSS: Hi.

RUSS: Are you a, uh, friend of Rachel's?

ROSS: Yes, yes I am. Are you a, uh, a friend of Rachel's?

RUSS: Actually, I'm a... kind of a.... you know, a... date-type... thing... of Rachel's.

我是瑞秋的约会对象

ROSS: A date.

RUSS: Yeah, I'm her date.

ROSS: Oh, oh, you're... uh... you're, oh you're the date.

CHAN: You know, this is actually good, because if we ever lose Ross, we have a spare.

如果我们弄丢罗斯了，我们还有替换的

RUSS: Oh, you are the, uh... paleontologist.

你是古生物学家

ROSS: Yes, yes I am. And you are a....

RUSS: Periodontist.

牙周病医生

MNCA: See? They're as different as night and... later that night.

他们的差别就好像黑夜和晚一点的深夜

ROSS: Well, I am going to, uh... get a beverage. It was nice, nice... uh... meeting you.

RUSS: Ditto.

[ROss approaches Rachel at counter.]

ROSS: I, uh, well... I... I met Russ.

RACH: Oh.

ROSS: Hey, I didn't know we were, uh, seeing other people.

我不知道我们什么时候可以另找对象了

RACH: Well, we're not seeing each other, so....

我们没有交往

ROSS: Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... uh... winged things... who's, uh, let it be known that she is drawn to me much like a... well, you know. But so far I've been keeping her at bay, but, uh, if this is the deal...

我们博物馆有个女馆长的负责蛾类跟其他的有翅生物，他明确表示了对我的倾慕，就像是。。。。但我一直在跟她保持距离，如果你不介意

moth：蛾

draw to=have a thing暗恋

RACH: Well, yeah, this is the deal.

ROSS: OK, well, um, have a nice evening.

RACH: Um, Russ, you ready?

RUSS: Yeah.

RACH: Bye.

MNCA: Bye.

PHOE: Bye.

[Russ and Rachel leave together.]

ROSS: [upset]

CHAN: Yes, yes, but did you see who she was dating?

ROSS: What do you mean?

MNCA: Do you not see it?

ROSS: See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like... I don't know, uhh... uhhh, hello.... a... week, to get out a sentence.

我不知道他看中那个蠢蛋哪一点了，那个家伙说完一句话要等好久

goober:蠢蛋

CHAN: Yeah, it's annoying, isn't it?

ROSS: ....................Yeah.



[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Joey is making marinara sauce and filling every container in sight. Chandler enters.]



CHAN: Hey.

JOEY: Hey.

CHAN: Whoa, whoa, so I'm guessing you didn't get the part, or... uh, Italy called and said it was hungry.

JOEY: Well, the part's mine if I want it.

CHAN: Oh my God!

JOEY: Yeah, if I'm willing to sleep with the casting lady.

如果我跟选角小姐上床的话

CHAN: [not knowing how to react] Oh my... God?

JOEY: Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.

CHAN: So, what're you gonna do?

JOEY: Well, I guess I could sleep with her... I mean, how could I do that?

CHAN: Well, I... I've got a pop-up book that told me everything I need to know.

我有一本教我一切性知识的立体书

JOEY: I've never slept with someone for a part.

CHAN: Well is she... [reaches into the cookie jar for a cookie, takes his hand out, covered with pasta sauce]

JOEY: Sorry.

CHAN: It's alright. Is she good-looking?

JOEY: Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. [pause] You know, after having slept with her.

CHAN: Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.

你这也算是事业美女大丰收了

JOEY: I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.

CHAN: Didn't you used to call it the Little Major?

JOEY: Yeah, but after Denise DeMarco, I had to promote it.



[Scene: A restaurant. Fun Bobby and Monica are ordering.]



WAITER: Can I get you something from the bar?

MNCA: Yes, I would like something. [looks at Fun Bobby, changes her mind] No, no thank you.

FBOB: If... if you want to drink, it's OK with me, I've got to get used to it.

MNCA: No, no really. I.. I wouldn't feel right about it. [to waiter] Just some water.

FBOB: So the light went out in my refrigerator...

我冰箱里的等熄灭了

MNCA: [grabs waiter as he's leaving] I'd like a scotch on the rocks with a twist.

来一杯威士忌，加柠檬和冰块



[Scene: Central Perk. Chandler is sitting on the couch between Russ and Ross, doing a crossword puzzle.]



CHAN: Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... eleven letters, atomic element number 101... ends in ium.

RUSS: Dysprosium.

ROSS: [condescendingly] Dysprosium? Try mendelevium.

CHAN: And weenie number two has it. Unless, of course, nine-down, Knights in White Satin was sung by the Doody Blues.

[Phoebe and Rachel are at the counter talking.]

PHOE: You don't see it? You actually don't see it?

RACH: What?

PHOE: OK honey, you're dating Ross.

RACH: No, Phoebs. I'm dating Russ.

PHOE: Russ is Ross. Russ... Ross!

RACH: Steve... sleeve!

PHOE: OK, noone is named Sleeve.

RACH: Phoebe, what the hell are you talking about? Other than their names being similar, I'm sorry, I do not see what you're seeing.

[They look over at Russ and Ross.]

ROSS: [to Russ] For your information, it's a card sharp, not a card shark.

RUSS: You could not be more wrong. You could try... but you would not be successful.

CHAN: OK, I'm gonna get some more coffee before the pinching and eye-poking begins.

我先倒杯咖啡，然后再看你们互戳眼睛

RUSS: I know what your problem is.

ROSS: Oh you do, do you?

RUSS: Um-hum, you're jealous.

ROSS: Of... of what?

RUSS: You're jealous because I'm a real doctor.

ROSS: Hey, you're a doctor of gums. That's the smallest body part you can major in. It's like day one, floss. Day two, here's your diploma.

就像是第一天教你用牙线，第二天就发你文凭了

RUSS: Hey, you listen.

ROSS: No, no, let me finish.

RUSS: No, let me finish.

ROSS: No, you let me fini...

[Rachel walks up behind them.]

ROSS: Hi.



RUSS: Hi.

RACH: Ewww, ewww, ewww, ewww! [turns away]



[Scene: Ross, Phoebe, Rachel, and Chandler at Monica and Rachel's apartment.]



RACH: Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?

CHAN: No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?

RACH: I don't know. Who would I have to sleep with?

CHAN: Me.

RACH: Why would I have to sleep with you?

CHAN: It's my game. You want the job or not?

[Monica enters from her bedroom.]

CHAN: Hey.

MNCA: Morning.

ROSS: Where ya goin'?

MNCA: Bobby and I are going away for the weekend, remember?

ROSS: Ooooohhhh.

[Monica pulls out a bag full of airline bottles of liquor.

PHOE: What's with all the bottles of liquor?

ROSS: What's going on, is... uh, Bobby drinking again?

MNCA: Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing.

[Three slow knocks on the door.]

RACH: Oh God, even his knock is boring.

[Monica answers the door. Its Fun Bobby.]

MNCA: Hi. I'll be ready in just a second.

FBOB: Uh, can I talk to you a minute?

MNCA: Sure.

[They both step out into the hall.]

FBOB: This is really hard for me to say.

MNCA: Oh God, you fell off the wagon.

FBOB: Oh, no, no, it's about you.

MNCA: What about me?

FBOB: I think you may have a drinking problem.

MNCA: What these? [holding up liquor bottles] Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and scrapes.

这些是擦伤口用的

FBOB: Look, I am just not strong enough to be in a codependent relationship right now, OK?

我现在无法投入到一段相互依赖的关系当中

MNCA: Oh... shoot.

见鬼

FBOB: Well, anyway, I hope we can be friends.

MNCA: OK.

[They hug and kiss.]



MNCA: Take care.

FBOB: You too.

[Fun Bobby leaves and Monica goes back inside.]

RACH: What happened?

MNCA: Well we... we kinda broke up.

GANG: Awwwwwwww.

[Ross, Phoebe, Chandler, and Rachel all exchange money.]

MNCA: [holding bottles] Does anybody want these?

CHAN: I'll take one. Sometimes I like to hold stuff like this and pretend I'm a giant.

[Joey enters.]

JOEY: Hey.

GANG: Hey!

ROSS: How'd the callback go?

JOEY: It was unbelievable! I walked in there and she was all over me.

我一进去他就对我动手脚

CHAN: So what'd you do?

JOEY: Well, I couldn't do it. I told her I didn't want to get the part that way.

ROSS: Good for you.

JOEY: But wait, wait, wait. Then, after I left her office, she caught up with me at the elevator and offered me an even bigger part.

PHOE: So... and?

JOEY: Soooooo... you are now looking at Dr. Drake Ramore, neurosurgeon, recurring in at least four episodes!

至少会在四集里面出境

GANG: Allright!

JOEY: Alright... I've got to go shower. [leaves]

[Phoebe, Ross, Rachel, Chandler exchange money again.]

Credits [Scene: Central Perk. Russ enters. Chandler and Phoebe are sitting on the couch.]

RUSS: Hi.

CHAN: Oh, hey.

PHOE: Hi.

RUSS: I guess you guys heard, Rachel dumped me.

CHAN: Yeah, I'm sorry man.

RUSS: Oh, all she said was that I remind her too much of somebody. You have any idea who she's talking about?

[Chandler and Phoebe feign ignorance.]

PHOE: Oh I do, it's.... it's Bob Saget. She hates him.

RUSS: Oh.

[Julie... Ross's ex-girlfriend... enters.]

JULIE: Hey.

CHAN: Hey!

PHOE: Hey, Julie! Hey, how are you doing?

JULIE: Um, oh, I don't know. I mean, it's definitely weird not being with Ross, but I guess I'm doing OK. Actually I've got some of his stuff that he, um....

[Russ and Julie look at each other with love in their eyes. The music builds...]

END

Ft = T(Fs,Fd;θT)

在本文中，我们对当前数字人视频生成技术的发展状态进行了概述，系统地探讨了图像驱动、音频驱动、视频驱动以及3D技术等主要方法。正如摘要所述，本研究旨在深入分析这些合成技术的创新之处、优势和局限。我们的分析揭示了该领域显著的进展，尤其是视频驱动方法在多个评价指标上已接近于照片级真实感。尽管如此，模型的鲁棒性、控制性以及降低社会风险等方面仍需进一步优化。本文希望为寻求应用数字人视频技术的实践者提供坚实的参考，同时指出未来研究中应当负责任地考虑的开放性挑战。尽管头部合成技术已经达到了高度复杂的水平，但要使这些技术广泛应用并与人类价值观相符，仍有大量工作待完成。我们期待通过跨学科的共同努力，研究社区能够引导这些技术以公平、道德和增进人类福祉的方式来增强人类创造力。

数字人视频生成的最新进展为各种应用领域开辟了有趣的可能性。然而，与任何快速发展的技术一样，也有重要的伦理考虑和26个潜在的挑战必须积极应对。随着这一领域的研究不断加速，至关重要的是，社区要负责任地开发这些系统，并使其与人类价值观相一致。在接下来的章节中，我们调查了谈话头部模型的一些有前景的应用领域，以及围绕伦理、社会影响和需要进一步研究的领域的关键问题。尽管仍有许多工作要做，但会说话的头部生成仍然是一个令人兴奋的领域，在实现新形式的沟通、创造力和人机交互方面具有巨大潜力。通过谨慎和远见，研究人员可以确保这些系统的设计能够以值得信赖和对社会有益的方式增强人类的能力。

先前的研究[42]探讨了什么构成了一个优秀的说话头部生成模型，并对相关方法进行了调查。然而，这项调查已经有三年时间了，在此期间该领域涌现了大量新的研究。此外，该调查中没有对方法进行人类评估，我们认为这是正确评估模型输出质量的关键。尽管如此，我们总结了根据该文献定义的优秀说话头部生成的特点。

作者指出，尽管说话头部视频生成技术已经取得了显著进展，但评估这些方法仍然面临多个挑战。当前许多评估方法使用人类受试者，这可能是繁琐的、不可重复的，且可能阻碍新研究的发展。为了解决这些问题，作者设计了一个基准，用于评估说话头部视频生成方法，包括标准化的数据集预处理策略。

为了生成一个优秀的说话头部视频，提出了四个期望属性：保持主体的原始身份、在语义层面上保持唇同步、保持高视觉质量以及包含自然的动作。作者提出了新的度量标准或选择最合适的度量标准来评估这些属性，包括：

身份保持：使用ArcFace的嵌入向量之间的余弦相似性来衡量身份不匹配。
视觉质量：使用SSIM和FID来评估图像级别的视觉质量，使用CPBD来评判合成视频的清晰度。
唇同步：视频应该在语义层面上保持同步。这意味着视频中的唇部动作应与听到的语音匹配。
自然动作：视频应包含自然、随意的动作。这指的是视频中头部和面部动作的平滑性和自然性。

Inception 评分（IS）：IS 通过利用预训练的 Inception 网络的输出，评估生成图像的质量和多样性。它测量生成样本的可分类性和预测类标签的多样性。
累积概率模糊检测（CPBD）：CPBD 是一个用于通过检测模糊来评估图像质量的指标。它计算生成图像的模糊检测分数的累积概率。
余弦相似度（CSIM）：CSIM 用于评估生成帧中身份保持的情况。它测量源图像与生成帧之间身份嵌入的余弦相似度。
唇形评估-距离得分（LSE-D）：LSE-D 评估生成帧与参考方法（例如 Wav2Lip）之间唇形的感知差异。它代表唇形之间的距离得分。
唇形评估-信心得分（LSE-C）：LSE-C 评估生成唇形的信心程度。它代表与唇形生成相关的信心得分。
头部运动特征嵌入的标准偏差：该指标评估生成的头部运动的多样性。计算使用 Hopenet 从生成帧中提取的头部运动特征嵌入的标准偏差。
节拍对齐得分：节拍对齐得分用于评估音频与生成的头部运动之间的对齐情况。它代表量化音频与生成头部运动之间节拍同步的得分。
