# 11

- [11](#11)
  - [0621](#0621)
  - [0619](#0619)
  - [0622](#0622)
  - [0623](#0623)
  - [0624](#0624)
  - [0626](#0626)
  - [0627](#0627)
  - [0628](#0628)
  - [0629](#0629)

## 0621

[at Ross's. Carol and Susan are picking Ben up]

ROSS: Ok. Here's his diaper/ˈdaɪəpə/ bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!

CAROL: So how did everything go?

ROSS: Oh, great. Great. There was-a projectile/prəˈdʒektaɪl/, uh, throwing/ˈθrəʊɪŋ/ up-incident, but he started-it.

CAROL: Well, we've gotta go.

ROSS: Ok.

SUSAN: [clears her throat]

CAROL: Oh, right. Um, I've got some news. It's-about us.

ROSS: Oh, you and me?

CAROL: Uh, no, Susan and me.

SUSAN: The other us.

ROSS: Ok.

CAROL: We're uh, we're getting married.

ROSS: As-in, "I now pronounce-you wife and wife" married?

CAROL: Anyway, we'd like-you to come, but we totally understand if you don't want to.

ROSS: **Why wouldn't I want to come**? I had fun at the first wedding.

CAROL: Look I just thought that...

ROSS: No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would-it say about me / if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!

SUSAN: Is your finger caught/kɔːt/ in that chair?

ROSS: Mmm hmmm.

CAROL: Want us to go?

ROSS: Uh-huh.

[at Rachel and Monica's]

ROSS: This is so cool. You're actually gonna be on television.

JOEY: It really hit me last night. I'm gonna be on Days-of our Lives. And then I started thinkin' about all of us, and how these are the days-of our lives..

MONICA: Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer/ˈkeɪtərə/ had-a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's-in a full body cast.

ROSS, CHANDLER & JOEY: Yes!

MONICA: They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered/ˈkeɪtəd/ before, and I really need the money, and this isn't-a problem for you, is-it?

ROSS: Would-it matter?

MONICA: Oh, you are so great! [kisses him] Thank-you!

JOEY: Are you really not going?

ROSS: I am really not going. I don't get-it. They already live together, why do they need to get married?

MONICA: Because they love each other, and they wanna celebrate that love with the people that are close with-them.

ROSS: If you wanna call that a reason.

CHANDLER: [singing to the tune of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood] Who's the bitterest/ˈbɪtərɪst/ man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.

MONICA: Ross, I thought you were over this.

ROSS: Look, that has nothing to do with this, ok? She's my ex-wife. If she were marrying/ˈmæriɪŋ/ a guy, none of you would expect me to be there.

JOEY: Hey, if she were marrying a guy, she'd be like / the worst lesbian ever.

RACHEL: [entering hurriedly] Did I miss-it? Did I miss-it?

JOEY: No, I'm on right after this guy shoots-himself.

CHANDLER: Whoa, she's pretty.

JOEY: Yeah, and she's really nice too. She taught me all-about, you know, how to work with the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.

RACHEL: I'm sorry, what?

MONICA: What?

## 0619

JOEY: It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need-a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of-it, you take this big pause/pɔːz/ where you look-all intense, you know, like this.

CHANDLER: Oh, ok.

JOEY: There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] "Mrs.Wallace/ˈwôləs/, I'm Dr Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon/ˌnjʊərəʊˈsəːdʒən/.

MRS. WALLACE: Is she gonna be all right?

JOEY: I'm afraid the situation is much more dire than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..subcranial /ˌsʌb'kreiniəl/ hematoma/ˌhiːməˈtəʊmə/. Perhaps we can discuss this over coffee.

CHANDLER: Nice!

RACHEL: That's great!

ROSS: Excellent!

CHANDLER: For a minute, I thought you were actually tryin' to smell something.

[Monica and Rachel's]

ROSS: That is so good! Do it again!

JOEY: All right, all right. "Damn/dæm/-it Braverman, it's right there on the chart!"

CHANDLER: That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got-a big dinosaur/ˈdaɪnəsɔː/ bone to inspect/ɪnˈspekt/.

ROSS: No no, that's me.

CHANDLER: Oh, yeah.

ROSS: Oh, hello.

PHOEBE: Oh, thanks. couldn't uh...

ROSS: Is everything ok?

PHOEBE: Um, no, huh-uh. One of my clients died-on the massage table today.

ROSS: Oh my god.

CHANDLER: That's-a little more relaxed than you want-them to get.

PHOEBE: Yeah, um, she was,you know, 82 years old. Her name was um, Mrs.Adelman.

MONICA: Oh, honey.

PHOEBE: Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke/wəʊk/-up this morning and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take-a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest/ˈwɪrdəst/ thing was, ok, I was cleansing/ˈklenzɪŋ/ her aura/ˈɔːrə/ when it happened, and when the spirit/ˈspɪrɪt/ left-her body, I don't think-it went very far.

RACHEL: What do you mean?

PHOEBE: I think-it went into me.

[Everyone takes a step back from Phoebe]

## 0622

[Central Perk]

MONICA: God, this is so hard. I can't decide between lamb or duck.

CHANDLER: Well, of course, lambs/læmz/ are scarier/ˈskeəri/. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks.

RACHEL: Ok, who ordered/ˈɔːdəd/ what?

ROSS: Oh, I believe I had the half-drunk cappuccino with the lipstick/ˈlɪpˌstɪk/-on the rim/rɪm/.

CHANDLER: Yes, and this with the cigarette butt in-it, is that decaf/ˈdiːkæf/?

RACHEL: Oh god.

JOEY: I can't believe you're so uptight/ˈʌptaɪt/-about your mom comin'.

RACHEL: I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want-her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total/ˈtəʊtl/ crap/kræp/, you know?

PHOEBE: [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Talk-about crap. Try listening to Stella Niedman tell the story of her and Rod Steiger for the hundredth/ˈhʌndrədθ/ time.

JOEY: Uh, Pheebs, how long do you think this lady'll be with-us?

PHOEBE: I don't know. I mean, she obviously has some kin- of unfinished/ʌnˈfɪnɪʃt/ business /ˈbɪznəs/. [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Sit up!

MRS. GREEN: [entering] There she is.

RACHEL: Mom!

MRS GREEN: Sweetie! So this is where you work? Oh, it's wonderful! Is-it a living room? Is-it a restaurant? Who can tell? But I guess that's the fun.

RACHEL: Pretty much. Here, meet my friends

MRS GREEN: Monica! You look gorgeous/ˈɡɔːdʒəs/! Last time I saw you, it was eat-or be eaten.

RACHEL: This is Joey, and Phoebe, and this is Chandler, and you remember Ross.

MRS GREEN: Oh hello, Ross.

ROSS: Hi, Mrs. Green. [He gets up to shake her hand, but she ignores him.]

MRS GREEN: So, what do you think-of my daughter in the apron with the big job?

RACHEL: Oh Mom!

MRS GREEN: If you didn't pour/pɔ:r/ the coffee, no one would have anything to drink.

CHANDLER: Believe me, sometimes that happens.

MRS GREEN: This is just so exciting. You know, I never worked. I went straight/streɪt/ from my father's house to the sorority/səˈrɒrəti/ house to my husband's house. I am just so proud-of you.

RACHEL: Really?

MRS GREEN: Yes.

PHOEBE: I know who it-is you remind me of. Evelyn Dermer. 'Course, that's before she got the lousy face lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales.

JOEY: Pheebs, who's Evelyn Dermer?

PHOEBE: I don't know. Who's Soupy Sales?

## 0623

[at Rachel and Monica's

MRS GREEN: Oh my god, there's-an unattractive nude/nuːd/ man playing the cello/ˈtʃeləʊ/.

RACHEL: Yeah, well just be glad he's not playing a smaller instrument/ˈɪnstrəmənt/.

MRS GREEN: [laughing] You have some life here, sweetie.

RACHEL: I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs/ˈsʌbɜːb/ with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know?

MRS GREEN: I do know. You didn't love Barry. Honey. And I've never seen you this happy. I look at-you and I think, oh, this is what I want.

RACHEL: For...me.

MRS GREEN: Well, not just for you.

RACHEL: Well, what do you mean?

MRS GREEN: I'm uh, considering leaving your father.

MONICA: [entering] All right. Tell me if this is too cute. Lesbian wedding, chicken breasts.

RACHEL: Oh god. I think I'm gonna be sick.

MONICA: Why? It's not like I'm putting little nipples
/ˈnɪplz/-on them.

## 0624

ROSS: And you had no idea they weren't/wɜːnt/ getting along?

RACHEL: None.

JOEY: They didn't fight-a lot?

RACHEL: No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems?

PHOEBE: [Mrs. Adelman's voice] You know, In my day, divorce was not-an option.

JOEY: Hey, look who's up.

RACHEL: I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, when I was little, everybody's parents were getting divorced. I just figured-as-a grown/ɡrəʊn/ up I wouldn't have to worry about this.

MONICA: Is there any chance that you can look-at this as flattering/ˈflætərɪŋ/? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.

RACHEL: Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?

CHANDLER: You know, it's fun when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have-a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.

PHOEBE: That's him.

CHANDLER: Damn. My mail order grandfather hasn't come yet.

MR A: Phoebe?

PHOEBE: Yes, hi, Mr. Adelman. Thanks for meeting me.

MR A: Oh, that's all right, although you did cut-into my very busy day of sitting.

PHOEBE: Um, do you wanna sit?

MR A: Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand-up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?

PHOEBE: I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left-her body, it um, kind-of stuck- around / in me.

MR A: You're saying, my wife is in you?

PHOEBE: Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think-of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around?

MR A: Well, I don't know what to tell you dear. The only thing I can think-of is that she always used to say that before she died, she wanted to see everything.

PHOEBE: Everything?

MR A: Everything.

PHOEBE: Whoa, that's-a lot-of stuff.

MR A: Oh, wait, I remember, she also said she wanted to sleep with me one last time.

PHOEBE: I'm sorry, there's laughing in my head.

MR A: [to Joey] Worth-a shot, huh?

## 0626

[Joey nods and shrugs.]

MRS GREEN: Look-at this.

RACHEL: These are Halloween three years ago.

MRS GREEN: Oh, look, here's Barry. Did he have to come straight from the office?

RACHEL: No, that was his costume/kɑːstuːm/. See, he's actually an orthodontist, but he came as-a regular dentist.

MONICA: Um, you guys, you know when I said before, "thank-you, but I don't really need-your help"?

RACHEL: Actually, what I think-you said was, "don't touch that, and get the hell out-of my kitchen."

MONICA: Really? Weird. Anyway, see, I planned
/plænd/ everything really well. I planned and I planned and I planned. It just turns out, I don't think I planned enough time to actually do it.

RACHEL: Hey, Mon, you want any help?

MONICA: If you want.

PHOEBE: [enters] Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center
/ˈrɒkəˌfɛlə ˈsentə(r)/, Statue of Liberty/ˈstætʃuː ɒv ˈlɪbəti/.

RACHEL: She's still with you?

PHOEBE: Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. [Takes Mrs. Green's chin in her hand and says, in Mrs. Adelman's voice] Oh, such a pretty face.

MRS GREEN: This is so much fun, just the girls. You know what we should do? Does anybody have any marijuana /ˌmærəˈwɑːnə,/?

RACHEL: God!

MONICA: All right, look, no one's smoking pot around all this food.

MRS GREEN: That's fine. I never did-it. I just thought I might. So, what's new in sex?

RACHEL: Oh! What's new in sex?

MRS GREEN: The only man I've ever been with is your father.

MONICA: I'm dicing, I'm dicing, I don't hear anything.

MRS GREEN: I mean, this is no offense to your dad, sweetie, but I was thinking there might be more.

RACHEL: Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come- in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing/ˈblesɪŋ/?

MRS GREEN: No.

RACHEL: You want me to talk you out-of-it?

MRS GREEN: No.

RACHEL: Then what? What do you want?

MRS GREEN: I guess I just figured-of all people you would understand.

RACHEL: **Why on earth** would I understand this?

MRS GREEN: You didn't marry your Barry. I did.

RACHEL: Oh.

MONICA: All right people, we're in trouble here. We've only got 12 hours-and 36 minutes left. Move, move, move!

CHANDLER: Monica, I feel like you should have German /ˈdʒɜːmən/ subtitles/ˈsʌbˌtaɪtl/.

MONICA: Joey, speed it up!

JOEY: I'm sorry, it's the pigs. they're reluctant/rɪˈlʌktənt/ to get in the blankets/ˈblæŋkɪts/!

## 0627

PHOEBE: Monica, how did this happen? I thought you had this all planned-out.

MONICA: Do you want me to cry? Is that what-you want? Do you wanna see me cry?

PHOEBE: Sir! No sir!

MONICA: [to Ross] All right, you!

ROSS: No. Look, I told you I am not a part-of this thing.

MONICA: All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs-and create a new appetizer/ˈæpətaɪzə/. called "pigs-in Ross". All right, ball the melon.

CHANDLER: Hey! **How come I'm stuck/stʌk/ dicing**, when he gets to ball the melon.

[knock at the door]

MONICA: Hi.

CAROL: How's-it going?

MONICA: It's goin' great. Right on schedule/ˈskedʒuːl/. Got my little happy helpers.[everyone groans]

CAROL: Fine, whatever.

ROSS: What's the matter?

CAROL: Nothing. Ok, everything. I think we're calling off the wedding.

ROSS: What?

MONICA: You're still gonna pay me, right? Or something a little less selfish/ˈselfɪʃ/.

ROSS: Carol, what's the matter? What happened?

CAROL: My parents called to say they weren't coming.

ROSS: Oh my god.

CAROL: I mean, I knew they were having trouble with this whole thing, but they're my parents. They're supposed to give me away and everything.

ROSS: It's ok. I'm sorry.

CAROL: And then Susan and I got-in this big fight cause I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call-off the wedding. I don't know what to do.

ROSS: I uh can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I think Susan's right.

CAROL: You do?

ROSS: Look, do you love her? And you don't have to be too emphatic/ɪmˈfætɪk/-about this.

CAROL: Of course I do.

ROSS: Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with-them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped/stɒpt/ me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.

CAROL: You're right. Of course you're right.

MONICA: So we're back-on?

CAROL: We're back-on.

MONICA: You heard/hɜːd/ the woman. Peel, chop/tʃɒp/, devil/ˈdevəl/! I can't believe I lost 2 minutes.

## 0628

[at the wedding]

JOEY: It just seems so futile/ˈfjuːtl /, you know ? All these women/ˈwɪmɪn/, and nothing. I feel like Superman without my powers, you know? I have the cape/keɪp/, and yet I cannot fly.

CHANDLER: Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding.

[Wedding music starts, Phoebe noisily unwraps a piece of candy.]

PHOEBE: [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Butterscotch /ˈbʌtəskɒtʃ/? No one? All right, you'll be sorry later.

[Monica pushes Ben down the aisle in a stroller. Susan is escorted by both her parents. Carol is escorted by Ross.]

CAROL: Thank you.

ROSS: Any time. [He doesn't want to let her go]

CAROL: Ross. [He lets her go]

MINISTER: You know, nothing makes God happier than when two people, any two people, come together in love. Friends, family, we're gathered here today to join Carol and Susan in holy matrimony/ˈmætrəməni/.

PHOEBE: [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! [Phoebe's voice] Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go.

[At the reception, Monica and Ross watch Carol and Susan getting their picture taken.]

MONICA: Would you look at them?

ROSS: Yeah, can't help but.

JOEY: [to a wedding guest] How's that pig-in-the-blanket workin' out for you? [the guy nods] I wrapped/ræpt/ those bad boys.

PHOEBE: I miss Rose.

CHANDLER: Oh, yeah?

PHOEBE: I know it's kind-of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind-of alone.

WOMAN: You know, I uh, I couldn't help but overhear what you just said, and I think it's time for you to forget-about Rose, move-on with your life...how 'bout we go get you a drink?

PHOEBE: Ok, that's so nice.

[Chandler tries to warn Phoebe that the woman is coming on to her, but Phoebe doesn't see him.]

CHANDLER: [to an attractive woman] I shouldn't even bother coming up with-a line, right? [The woman walks away]

RACHEL: Hey, Mom? Having fun?

MRS GREEN: Oh, am I! I just danced with-a wonderfully large woman. And three other girls made eyes-at me over the buffet. Oh, I'm not saying it's something I wanna pursue, but it's nice to know I have options.

RACHEL: There's more alcohol, right?

[Susan approaches Ross, who's looking lonely]

SUSAN: How you doin'?

ROSS: Ok.

SUSAN: You did-a good thing today.

ROSS: Yeah.

SUSAN: You wanna dance?

ROSS: No, that's fine.

SUSAN: Come on. I'll let you lead.

ROSS: Ok.

## 0629

[They dance; Carol looks on lovingly.]

CHANDLER: [to the woman who just rejected him] All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people. [She walks away again.]

[at Monica and Rachel's]

MONICA: Ok, which one of us do you think is gonna be the first one to get married?

ROSS: Well, Mon, I was married.

PHOEBE: Yeah, me, too, technically.

RACHEL: I had a wedding.

MONICA: All right, just trying to start an interesting discussion.

JOEY: I got one. Which one of us do you think will be the last to get married? [They all look at Chandler]

CHANDLER: Isn't Ben in this?

ALL: Oh, yeah!
