# 11-15

- [11-15](#11-15)
  - [Day11](#day11)
  - [Day12](#day12)
  - [Day13](#day13)
  - [Day14](#day14)
  - [Day15](#day15)

## Day11

1. cultural **phenomenon**_2
2. philosopher_1
3. physician
4. **corporate** responsibility_5
5. **setback** for_1
6. sophisticated_1
7. sovereign_1
8. **sow** the seed of_1
9. in a...tone

## Day12

1. choke with_2
2. the chop
3. under ... circumstance
4. bore through/into_1
5. acute
6. **enforce** a law_2
7. engage in
8. **fold** away/up/down_1
9. came to the **fore
10. lose one's **grip

## Day13

1. **despite** youself_1
2. **engage** with
3. grounds for
4. come with/carry a guarantee_1
5. liberally / literary_1
6. **memo** to/from_1
7. mentor_3
8. obstinate_1
9. great **significance** of
10. simplicity_1
11. **dissolve** in
12. simply

## Day14

1. for the sake of <code style="color:#ea4335"> in order to help, improve, or please someone or something</code>
2. back on the **rails**_1 <code style="color:#ea4335">happening or functioning normally again</code>
3. rail something off/in_2 <code style="color:#ea4335">o enclose or separate an area with rails </code>
4. rail against/at <code style="color:#ea4335">complain</code>
5. mediate between_1
6. **meditate** on/upon_2
7. in absolute terms_1:including any related changes)
8. bar
9. the **bare** fact
10. bargain on/**bargain** for/strike a bargain_2

## Day15

1. make **capital** from/ out of something_1
2. be **captive** to something_1
3. 1_**capture** somebody’s imagination
4. in/under the **shadow** of:  the bad effect or influence that something has, which makes other things seem less enjoyable, attractive, or impressive
5. cause/inflict casualties, in casuatly_3
6. fall into/belong in/fit into a category
7. without cease
8. celebrity chef_2
9. certificate
10. decline_2 n./v. Say no_1, BECOME WORSE
11. **deem** something necessary_2
12. dedicate something to/for something_3
13. deduct
14. sit
15. the **site** of_1
16. **sketch** in_2
