# Day16-20

- [Day16-20](#day16-20)
  - [Day16](#day16)
  - [Day17](#day17)
  - [Day 18](#day-18)
  - [Day19](#day19)
  - [Day20](#day20)

## Day16

1. 1_stick .. in/into/through ..
2. 1_radiant with_1
3. **objective** assessment_1:OPP:subjective
4. 1_over the **objections** of somebody_1
5. ideology_2:a set of beliefs on which a political or economic system is based, 
6. 2_**identical** to/with
7. identify as_1
8. identification card
9. 1_sense of national **identity**
10. **judicial** system
11. 1_the **jury** is (still) out on something
12. federal judge
13. instrument/control **panel**, on a panel_1
14. 2_panel of **judges**
15. jurisdiction over_1
16. 2_lag behind/time lag_1
17. 1_lateral

## Day17

1. filed a **lawsuit** against_2
2. magnificent_1
3. therapy_1
4. qualification in/for_2
5. save from, save for_1
6. on a global scale, up/down the scale_1/ scale the heights
7. at the/ on the **scene**, set the scene
8. scenery_1
9. panorama_1
10. provide that

## Day 18

1. periodical_1
2. perplex
3. organ :organization
4. **rake** through/around
5. the **ratio** between
6. social **phenomenon**_1:  something that happens or exists in society, science, or nature
7. the **tone** of the report
8. **meditate** on/upon
9. **stick** in
10. **radiant** with
11. **objection** to

## Day19

1. can't abide sth./sb.
2. base attitudes_1
3. basic
4. basis
5. campaign for/against
6. out of date/up to date
7. dazzle
8. decorate for_1
9. economics
10. be in effect/be of no effect

## Day20

1. fade <code style="color:#ea4335">to gradually disappear</code>,fade in,fade out
2. I **fail** to understand
3. failure
4. **fancy** yourself as; take/catch your **fancy**; **fancy** restaurant
5. fascinate: <code style="color:#ea4335">if someone or something fascinates you, you are attracted to them and think they are extremely interesting</code>
6. gene; genetic; genetics; geneticist;
7. **generalize** from；**generalize** about：<code style="color:#ea4335">to form a general principle or opinion；to make a general statement</code>
8. rug: <code style="color:#ea4335">a piece of thick cloth</code>
9. take the **lid** off something: <code style="color:#ea4335">a cover for the open part of a pot, box, or other container</code>
10. hamper: <code style="color:#ea4335">a basket with a lid</code>
11. shower:<code style="color:#ea4335">a lot of small light things falling or going through the air together</code>,<code style="color:#ea4335">o scatter a lot of things onto a person or place, or to be scattered in this way</code>
