# 36-40

- [36-40](#36-40)
  - [Day36](#day36)
  - [Day37](#day37)
  - [Day38](#day38)
  - [Day39](#day39)
  - [Day40](#day40)

## Day36

1. thermo- :relating to heat_1
2. **beacon** of hope_1
3. imperative
4. urgent-pressing-important-imperative-crucial
5. utilize: to use something for a particular purpose
6. wonderful
7. **worship** the ground somebody walks on_2; in **worship**_2
8. **worthy** of; I’m/We’re not **worthy**
9. console^: to make someone feel better when they are feeling sad or disappointed
10. consist in/of_1
11. be consistent in_1/be consistent with_2
12. constrain ... from_1: to stop someone from doing what they want to do - restrict_1
13. distinct ... from; distinction
14. the genuine article; genuine interest - sincere
15. antique_1
16. frustrate_1

## Day37

1. **brute** force_2
2. **buffet** breakfast; be buffeted by_2
3. in reality; realities_1
4. **amount** to_3
5. monotonous_2: boring because of always being the same
6. stock^1: a share in a company
7. stationery_1
8. in **store**; Squirrels are **storing up** nuts for the winter.; shore up trouble/problems_3
9. stride
10. **striking** contrast_3
11. stunning

## Day38

1. white-tailed_3; tail back_2; tail off_3
2. parcel off/out(distribute)/up_4
3. **undo** his coat_1
4. pyramid
5. in your **prime**_3; **prime** agricultural land_1; **prime** example_1; prime sb. with_1
6. **pump** from; **pump out**_2
7. primitive_2
8. principal; principle_3
9. psychiatry_3: the study and treatment of mental illnesses
10. psychology_1
11. liabilities^_1: the amount of debt that must be paid

## Day39

1. presume the opposite_1
2. commuters-comment_2
3. intriguingly_1
4. converse with_1; the converse_3
5. be biased towards
6. dwell on/upon_2
7. **initiate** into_4
8. Archimedes’ principle; in principle; **principal** reason_2; principal: describe main people
9. vertebrate_1
10. I hate to be a **nuisance**_3
11. against the **grain**_2: if something goes against the grain, it is not what you would naturally or normally do
12. marvellous(_2
13. profound effect_1; profound sense
14. state_1: to formally say or write a piece of information or your opinion
15. **rumour** about/of_1
16. anonymous
17. put somebody through the mill_2
18. leverage across_1/converage_4
19. attribute...to.._2
20. tactic_1; strategy
21. literally_4

## Day40

1. well^n: hole in the ground from which people take water
2. bathroom **tiles**_1
3. stipulate—_1: if an agreement, law, or rule stipulates something, it must be done
4. there are consequences
5. alphabet
6. fatigue
7. mental; metal
8. flyer()_3; leaflet on
9. break for_1
10. minor **miracle**_2
