# Day41-45

- [Day41-45](#day41-45)
  - [Day41](#day41)
  - [Day42](#day42)
  - [Day43](#day43)
  - [Day44](#day44)
  - [Day45](#day45)

## Day41

1. undergraduate - freshman; sophomore; junior; senior
2. chimpanzee_1
3. stance on_3
4. a fighting **stance**_2

## Day42

1. state enterprise_1; with enterprise
2. liable to(likely)(prone); liable for_4
3. liberal society
4. liberate from
5. evident in
6. entertain an idea;  when we entertain_2

## Day43

1. oblivious to(_4
2. valley_1
3. make a **drama** out of sth._2
4. dealer_1
5. bible_1
6. with a **start**_1: a sudden movement of your body, usually caused by fear or surprise
7. startle: to make someone suddenly surprised or slightly shocked
8. be **starved** of funding
9. statesman: a political or government leader, especially one who is respected as being wise and fair
10. statue_2: sculpture
11. statute_2
12. **steer** for_1; **steer** towards/through_1
13. long-stemmed; **stem** the tide_1; **stem** from_2
14. be made of **sterner** stuff_1
15. anticipate^3_1: to do something before someone else
16. two miles/six feet etc **apart**_1
17. auditorium_1; audience
18. assemble^3(assembly): to put all the parts of something together
19. assert that: to state firmly that something is true
20. chemist
21. **bond** between; the bonds of_1

## Day44

1. **stuff** into_2; the very **stuff** of politics_1
2. plastic
3. referee_2
4. condemn, scold, blame, censure
5. in **mint** condition_2; mint sauce
6. conductor_3
7. discipline_3

## Day45

1. procession; predecessor
2. lamb_1
3. **crawl** the Net; **crawl** along_1
4. coffin_1: a long box in which a dead person is buried or burnt
