# 202306

- [202306](#202306)
  - [0520](#0520)
  - [0521](#0521)
  - [0522](#0522)
  - [0523](#0523)
  - [0524](#0524)

## 0520

1- M： Hi, Lily, how's the new apartment?
2- W ：It's okay.
3- M： What? How can it be just okay when last week you were thrilled about the place and kept posting
photos of it online?
4- W ：Well? last week when I moved in, the apartment seemed cozy, just the right size for one person. But now it just seems tiny, shabby and solitary.
5- M： Ah, that's the problem. You miss your roommates from university? don't you?
6- W ：Tm going to sound like an idiot, because I used to complain to you all the time about how crowded our dormitory room was? and about all the things they did to irritate me, like watching movies late at night
without headphones ? or talking loudly early in the morning. But now I miss them terribly.
7-M ：Of course you do. That's perfectly normal. When I got m y first place I remember thinking I couldn't wait to live by myself and get away from m y juvenile roommates and all their annoying habits. But then I began missing them and feeling lonely and thinking that our dormitory was like paradise? even though there were six of us guys in one small room.
8-W ：I thought it was just me who felt like that.
9- M：Look, you lived at home with us, and then you had three roommates9 and this is your first time living alone. So it's hard. But your first apartment is a milestone in your life, and you should celebrate it. Tell me about the apartment.
10-W：Actually? it's not bad. In fact, it's pretty adorable? now that I have decorated it and it has everything I need. I have a kitchen to cook in and a bathroom all to myself, and then another room with m y bed at one end? and a sofa? a small table and chairs at the other end.
11-M：That does sound adorable and I can't wait to see it, and neither can m o m and dad.

## 0521

1- W ：Welcome to our program Book Talk. Our guest today is Frank Jones, a critic of our education system, and the author of a new book, Hoxv to Reform Our Universities.
2- M ：Hello? Susan.
3- W ：Frank, you support radically changing universities in America?
4- M ：回 Yes, I believe that the purpose of higher education is to prepare young people to enter the workforce, and that our current system fails to do this. We're allocating too many resources to disciplines that don't match the needs of employers.
5- W ： I think your attitude to education is a bit cynical, Frank. Surely the purpose of university is to prepare young people to participate fully in civic life? rather than just to find well-paid jobs.
6- M ： Susan, many young graduates struggle to find any job, let alone a good one. The job market is grim, particularly for students w ho study the arts.
7- W ：I agree that it isn't easy for young people to find work, but you propose closing down all departments that aren,t directly related to science and technology. Is that really the solution?
8-M ：You're overstating m y point. M y argument is that we need to use more of our budget on areas like science and engineering. To do that? we need to take money from subjects like literature and music.
9- W ： But the arts have value. They're an important part of our culture. ® Studying literature or music or sculpture might not result in a job in that area, but it helps young people to think about the world in a deeper way? which makes them better citizens and makes for a better society.
10-M ： I agree that the arts are valuable to society, but it's naive to think that not only the most talented? but all students should study them at university level. The arts are very competitive ? and most graduates will end up with a great deal of debt, obtaining a degree that has little value on the job market.

## 0522

1- M ：Have you decided what you wish to study?

2- W ：Yes, professor. I wish to study architecture.

3- M：Ah, that's-a wonderful profession. Why did-you choose-it?

4- W ：I gave a-lot-of thought to things you said during our last discussion, and I decided architecture made/meɪd/ the most sense for me. In particular I'm attracted to the marriage/ˈmærɪdʒ/ of design and engineering.

5-M ：That's great, but I seem to remember you were **preoccupied/priːˈɒkjəpaɪd/ with** all the lofty mathematics. You no longer think this aspect will be too hard for you?

6-W ： No. I was doing some online research and I think I should be able to manage. Math might be the toughest/ˈtʌfɪst/  subject I am encounter in the curriculum/kəˈrɪkjələm/, but I'll simply put-in the work required. I'm **certain** the fruits-of my labor will pay off.

7-M： I'm sure that's true. Due to its material nature, architecture is one field / where you will be able to clearly witness/ˈwɪtnəs/ the contribution /you make to a city. And the legacies/ˈleɡəsi/ you build / will last much longer than any of us mortals/ˈmɔːtl/.

8-W： Yeah, I guess that's true too. So what subjects do you think I should start brushing/ˈbrʌʃɪŋ/ up-on in preparation? I have the whole summer.

9-M： These days, architecture is a very diverse/daɪˈvɜːs/ and dynamic/daɪˈnæmɪk/ degree. Most universities will encourage you to learn/ different things from fields as wide-ranging as philosophy and economics/ˌekəˈnɒmɪks/. Nevertheless /ˌnevəðəˈles/, I **would** suggest you start with computer science because there will be many intricate/ˈɪntrɪkət/ visuals/ˈvɪʒuəls/ you will have to produce as part-of your projects.

1 0-W ： Any software in particular you think I should start with?

11-M： Photoshop is-a good place. If you aren't yet, try to become as proficient/prəˈfɪʃənt/ as you can with-it. And another thing that I would recommend-you to learn /as much as you can / is fine arts, in particular, the history of Western art.

Q 1 ： W h y does the woman wish to study architecture?
Q 2 ： H o w does the woman say she will overcome the difficulty in learning mathematics?
Q 3 ： What does the man say about architects5 contribution to a city?
Q 4 ： What subject does the man suggest the woman start with?

## 0523

1-W: So as I mentioned/ˈəʊvə/-over the phone, we are looking for someone who is very discreet/dɪˈskriːt/, I can't/kɑːnt/ stress this enough.

2-M: I fully understand.

3-W: As we all know, being such a famous football player at Real/rɪəl/ Madrid/məˈdrɪd/, Mr.Sanchez/ˈsæntʃɛz/ has-a very high public profile. This means he cannot leave the house without being recognized and **harassed/ˈhærəst**.

4-M: Yes, I completely understand / how **imperative/ɪmˈperətɪv/**/ it would be to respect Mr.Sanchez's / private/ˈpraɪvət/ life.

5-W: Good, As his **personal assistant**, you would be required to run **common** everyday chores/tʃɔz/ for Mr.Sanchez, things he cannot do himself due to his **fame/feɪm/**, like going to the supermarket or postoffice. So, well at first sight it may appear that working for a celebrity/səˈlebrəti/ is very glamorous/ˈɡlæmərəs/. Nothing could be further from the truth. I'm telling you this so that you don't get any false expectations/ˌekspekˈteɪʃən/ / of what the job has to offer you.

6-M: Thanks. I understand this too. This is my first job after graduating from university. So **frankly**. I don't have much prior/ˈpraɪə/ working experience/ɪkˈspɪəriəns/, I am, however, very excited-about the prospect-of joining this company and very keen/kiːn/ to start from the bottom / in whatever **capacity/kəˈpæsəti/** I may be of use.

7-W : That's good to hear, You sound very energetic, Tell me why do you think you are well suited for this job?

8-M: Well, firstly, I love football, I'm-a lifelong Real/rɪəl/ Madrid/məˈdrɪd/ supporter and go to their games every weekend I can / I would simply love to have-a job where I'm involved in some capacity with Real Madrid, regardless of the position and salary. And secondly, I think what this company does in sports consultancy / is very cool. And I think my language skills could prove very useful down the road.

9-W: Please tell me more about your language skills.

10-M: I am fully fluent-in English-and Spanish and have-a working proficiency/prəˈfɪʃənsi/ / in French

## 0524

Adventure sports are undeniably/ˌʌndɪˈnaɪəbəly/ attractive to many energetic and thrill/θrɪl/-seeking kids. Sports like rock climbing/ˈklaɪmɪŋ/, surfing, sking, and **mountain biking**, thus have lots-of appeal, They don't have many of the rules and pressures-of traditional team sports, but they still have all the benefits-of outdoor physical activity.

When properly supervised, extreme/ɪkˈstriːm/ sports can be a part of a healthy, balanced life. Some adventure sports may be associated with high risks-of injury, so it's important for kids to figure out when to take risks, and when not to. Risk-free activities deprive kids-of the opportunity to test themselves and overcome their fears. But to some, these very risks are what makes these sports a bad choice. They say that extreme sports can often lead to devastating/ˈdevəsteɪtɪŋ/ injuries/ˈɪndʒəriz/, especially as young thrill-seekers / may attempt feats/that are too advanced for them.

But let's be real, Most kids do all kinds-of dangerous stuff whether you want them to or not. Adventure sports have many of the same risks and dangers, but they have-an additional sense-of adventure, courage/ˈˈkɜːrɪdʒ/ and autonomy that is important to foster in young children. As always, it's up to parents to decide what's best for their kids. But if you do decide that adventure sports are a **bit** too much, do try to introduce other forms-of outdoor adventures into their lives, Camping under the stars. fishing, stargazing or even just playing in the woods/wʊdz/ can help a lot in building the same sense-of self-confidence and risk-taking as in adventure sports.
