# 自我介绍

面试官您好，我是Log，来自于广东技术师范大学，今天面试的岗位是前端工程师。

首先，总结一下自己的主要特点，分为以下三点：

第一，我具有这份工作所需的技能，我熟悉JavaScript,HTML,CSS的使用，可以熟练使用Vue,React框架，同时作为一名软件工程的学生，我具有良好的计算机网络和数据结构与算法基础。

第二，我具备丰富的项目经验，我曾与我的后端同学一起，帮助几个公司完成了产品的开发.

第三，我沟通能力强，擅长倾听与推进，非常热爱互联网行业。曾经参与全国微信小程序大赛并获得省级三等奖。

因此，我认为自己非常适合这个岗位，也相信自己可以胜任，希望能获得这次机会

Hello, Sir. My namn is log, from Guangdong Polytechnic Normal University. The position interviewed of me today is the front-end engineer.

First of all, I would like to summarize my main characteristics, which are divided into the following three points as follows:

First, I have the skills required for this job. The skills is as follows:

1. One:Be familiar with html+css responsive layout, be able to quickly and accurately restore design drawings, and be familiar with mainstream browser compatibility issues;

2. Tw0:Proficient in JavaScript and jQuery, can break away from the class library and write common web page special effects with native JS;

3. Three: Familiar with DOM tree structure, with object-oriented programming ability, and in-depth understanding of jQuery framework, prototype chain, inheritance and scope;

4. Four: Familiar with using HTML5 and CSS3 technologies, combined with zepto JS framework completes the development of mobile terminal;

5. five:Familiar with flow layout and responsive principle, able to use bootstrap to quickly build responsive pages;

6. SIx:Be familiar with HTTP protocol, skillfully use ajax for front and back-end data interaction, and have a deep understanding of Ajax cross domain issues;

7. Seven: Skillfully use jsop to solve common cross domain requests on the browser side;

8. Eight: Have a certain understanding of modular development and less\sass pretreatment, and be skilled in using Photoshop and other design software;

9. Nine: Skillfully use angular and other frameworks for project development, and be familiar with Vue framework;

10. Ten: Proficient in GitHub code hosting library, webpack, gulp and other packaging and compression tools

The Second one is I have rich project experience. I have worked with my back-end classmates to help several companies finished their product.One of the projects is to build a second-hand book platform. Taking the information exchange of students in the same university as the starting point, we set up a student to student platform to facilitate the post exchange of information between students and form a free circulation of books in Colleges and universities.

The Third one is I have strong communication skills and I am good at listening and promoting. I am active and hard in my work. I devote myself to my goal and accomplish what I want; Have good personality, be willing to communicate with others, live in a group, be able to communicate objectively and directly with others, have strong team management ability and the mental of cooperation with others, and be able to actively interact and strive to achieve the goals of the team; Good at learning,, with extensive intereststing and rich knowledge, strong adapt ability, and able to integrate into a new field in a very long time

Therefore,  I think I am very suitable for this position. I also believe that I am competent and hope to get this opportunity. If I can get this job, I will try my best to do every job well, not afraid of working overtime, always put the company first, and strive to contribute my value to the company
