# EventTarget interface

- [EventTarget interface](#eventtarget-interface)
  - [1.Overview](#1overview)
  - [2.EventTarget.addEventListener()](#2eventtargetaddeventlistener)
  - [3.EventTarget.removeEventListener](#3eventtargetremoveeventlistener)
  - [4.EventTarget.dispatchEvent()](#4eventtargetdispatchevent)

## 1.Overview

The event operations (monitoring and triggering) of DOM nodes are all defined in the <code style="color:#ea4335">EvenTarget</code> interface. All node objects have deployed this interface, some other built-in browser objects that require event communication (for example, <code style="color:#ea4335">XMLHttpRequest</code>, <code style="color:#ea4335">AudioNode</code>, <code style="color:#ea4335">AudioContext</code>) also deployed this interface.

This interface chiefly provides three instance method.

## 2.EventTarget.addEventListener()

The <code style="color:#ea4335">addEventListener()</code> method of the <code style="color:#ea4335">EventTarget</code> interface sets up a function that will be called whenever the specified event is delivered to the target.

Common targets are <code style="color:#ea4335">Element</code>, or its children, <code style="color:#ea4335">Document</code>, and <code style="color:#ea4335">Window</code>, but the target may be any object that supports events (such as <code style="color:#ea4335">XMLHttpRequest</code>).

**Syntax:**

```js
target.addEventListener(type, listener);
target.addEventListener(type, listener, options);
target.addEventListener(type, listener, useCapture);
```

**Parameters:**

- <code style="color:#ea4335">type</code>

    A case-sensitive string representing the event type to listen for

- <code style="color:#ea4335">listener</code>

    The object that receives a notification (an object that implements the <code style="color:#ea4335">Event</code> interface) when an event of the specified type occurs. This must be an object implementing the <code style="color:#ea4335">EventListener</code> interface, or a JavaScirpt <code style="color:#ea4335">function</code>

- <code style="color:#ea4335">options</code>
  
    An object that specifies characteristics about the event listener. The avaible options are:

  - <code style="color:#ea4335">capture</code>

    A boolean value. If set to <code style="color:#ea4335">true</code>, it means that the listener function is triggered during the capture phase, and the default is <code style="color:#ea4335">false</code>, which is triggered during the bubbling phase.

    A boolean value indicating that events of this type will be dispatched to the registered <code style="color:#ea4335">listener</code> before being dispatched to any <code style="color:#ea4335">EventTarget</code> beneath it in the DOM tree

    ---
    <code style="color:#ea4335">question</code>👆

    ---

  - <code style="color:#ea4335">once</code>

    A boolean value indicating that the <code style="color:#ea4335">listener</code> should be invoked at most once after being added.

  - <code style="color:#ea4335">signal</code>

    An <code style="color:#ea4335">AborSignal</code>. The listener will be removed when the given <code style="color:#ea4335">AbortSignal</code> object's <code style="color:#ea4335">abort()</code> method is called.

  - <code style="color:#ea4335">passive</code>

      A boolean value that, if true, indicates that the function specified by listener will never call <code style="color:#ea4335">preventDefault()</code>. If a passive listener does call <code style="color:#ea4335">preventDefault()</code>, the user agent will do nothing other than generate a console warning. See Improving scrolling performance with passive listeners to learn more.

---
<code style="color:#ea4335">to be studied</code>

AbortSignal

preventDefault()

capture or bubbling.

---

**Note:**

The <code style="color:#ea4335">addEventListener</code> method can add multiple different listener functions for the same event of the current object. These functions are triggered in the order of addtion, that is, they are added first and triggered first.

If you add the same listener function multiple times for the same event, this function will only be executed once.

The <code style="color:#ea4335">this</code> inside the listener function points to the object where the current event is located.

**Example:**

```js
function print(params) {
    
}

document.addEventListener('click',print,false);
document.addEventListener('click',function shit() {
    print(this.nodeName+":shitParam");
},false);
/**
 * After touching
 * 
 * params: PointerEvent
 * params: "#document:shitParam"
 */
```

## 3.EventTarget.removeEventListener

The <code style="color:#ea4335">EventTarget.removeEventListener</code> method is used to remove the event listner function added by the <code style="color:#ea4335">addEventListener()</code> method. This method has no return value.

```js
div.addEventListener('click', listener, false);
div.removeEventListener('click', listener, false);
```

The parameter of the <code style="color:#ea4335">removeEventListner</code> method is exactly equal to the parameter of the <code style="color:#ea4335">addEventlistener()</code> method.

## 4.EventTarget.dispatchEvent()

The <code style="color:#ea4335">EventTarget.dispatchEvent()</code> method triggers a specified event on the current node, thereby triggering the execution of the monitoring function.

**syntax:**

```js
target.dispatchEvent(event)
```

**Parameter:**

<code style="color:#ea4335">event</code> is the Event object to be dispatched. Its <code style="color:#ea4335">Event.target</code> property will be set to the current object.

**Return value:**

The return value is <code style="color:#ea4335">false</code> if <code style="color:#ea4335">event</code> is cancelable and at least one of the event handlers which received <code style="color:#ea4335">event</code> called <code style="color:#ea4335">Event.preventDefault()</code>. Otherwise it returns <code style="color:#ea4335">true</code>.

**Example:**

```js
const event = new Event('build');

// Listen for the event.
elem.addEventListener('build', function (e) { /* ... */ }, false);

// Dispatch the event.
elem.dispatchEvent(event);
```
