# Keyborad Event

- [Keyborad Event](#keyborad-event)
  - [1. Type of keyboard events](#1-type-of-keyboard-events)
  - [2. KeyboradEvent](#2-keyboradevent)
  - [3. Instance property of KeyboardEvent](#3-instance-property-of-keyboardevent)
    - [3.1 KeyboardEvent.altKey，KeyboardEvent.ctrlKey，KeyboardEvent.metaKey，KeyboardEvent.shiftKey](#31-keyboardeventaltkeykeyboardeventctrlkeykeyboardeventmetakeykeyboardeventshiftkey)
    - [3.2 keyboardEvent.code](#32-keyboardeventcode)
    - [3.3 KeyboardEvent.key](#33-keyboardeventkey)
    - [3.4 KeyboardEvent.location](#34-keyboardeventlocation)
    - [3.5 KeyboardEvent.repeat](#35-keyboardeventrepeat)
  - [4. Instance method of KeyboardEvent](#4-instance-method-of-keyboardevent)
    - [4.1 KeyboardEvent.getModifierState()](#41-keyboardeventgetmodifierstate)

## 1. Type of keyboard events

Keyboard events are triggered by the user hitting the keyboard. There are three event: <code style="color:#ea4335">keydown</code>, <code style="color:#ea4335">keypress</code> and <code style="color:#ea4335">keyup</code>

- <code style="color:#ea4335">keydown</code>: Triggered when the keyboard is pressed.
- <code style="color:#ea4335">keypress</code>: Triggered when a key with a value is pressed. That is, if you press Ctrl, Alt, Shift, Meta and other non-values keys, this event will not be triggered. For a key with a value, the <code style="color:#ea4335">keydown</code> event is triggered first when it is pressed, and then this event is triggered.
- <code style="color:#ea4335">keyup</code>: Triggered wehn the keyborad is released.

## 2. KeyboradEvent

<code style="color:#ea4335">KeyboradEvent</code> objects describe a user interaction with the keyboard; each event describes a single interfaction between the user and a key (or combination of a key with modifier keys) on the keyborad.

**Constructor:**

```js
event = new KeyboardEvent(typeArg, KeyboardEventInit);
```

- typeArg
    Is a DOMString representing the name of the event.

- KeyboardEventInit Optional

    Is a <code style="color:#ea4335">KeyboardEventInit</code> dictionary, having the following fields.

  - "<code style="color:#ea4335">key</code>", optional DOMString, defaulting to "", that sets the value of KeyboardEvent.key.
  - "<code style="color:#ea4335">code</code>", optional DOMString, defaulting to "", that sets the value of KeyboardEvent.code.
  - "<code style="color:#ea4335">location</code>", optional unsigned long, defaulting to 0, that sets the value of KeyboardEvent.location.
  - "<code style="color:#ea4335">ctrlKey</code>", optional boolean value, defaulting to false, that sets the value of KeyboardEvent.ctrlKey.
  - "<code style="color:#ea4335">shiftKey</code>", optional boolean value, defaulting to false, that sets the value of KeyboardEvent.shiftKey.
  - "<code style="color:#ea4335">altKey</code>", optional boolean value, defaulting to false, that sets the value of KeyboardEvent.altKey.
  - "<code style="color:#ea4335">metaKey</code>", optional boolean value, defaulting to false, that sets the value of KeyboardEvent.metaKey.
  - "<code style="color:#ea4335">repeat</code>", optional boolean value, defaulting to false, that sets the value of KeyboardEvent.repeat.

## 3. Instance property of KeyboardEvent

### 3.1 KeyboardEvent.altKey，KeyboardEvent.ctrlKey，KeyboardEvent.metaKey，KeyboardEvent.shiftKey

The above property is read-only property, they all return a Boolean value representing whether to press the corresponding key.

**Example:**

```js
function showChar(event) {
    /**
     * event.altKey: false
     * event.ctrlKey: true
     * event.metaKey: false
     * event.shiftKey: false
     */
}
document.body.addEventListener('keydown', showChar, false);

```

### 3.2 keyboardEvent.code

<code style="color:#ea4335">KeyboardEvent.code</code> property returns a string representing the string form of the current pressed key.

For detail:<https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/KeyboardEvent/code/code_values>

**Example:**

```js
event.code: "KeyA"
event.code: "ShiftLeft"
event.code: "ArrowUp"
event.code: "Digit1"
```

### 3.3 KeyboardEvent.key

<code style="color:#ea4335">KeyboardEvent.key</code> returns a string representing the name of key pressed. This property is read-only.

If the pressed key represents printable characters, then return this character, such as numbers, letters.

If the pressed key represents specified characters, then return predefined key value. Such as Backspace，Tab，Enter，Shift，Control，Alt，CapsLock，Esc，Spacebar，PageUp，PageDown，End，Home，Left，Right，Up，Down，PrintScreen，Insert，Del，Win，F1～F12，NumLock，Scroll and so on.

```js
event.key: "1"
event.key: "a"
event.key: "Control"
event.key: "ArrowUp"
```

If you pressa a control key and a sympol key at the same time, the key name of the symbol key is returned.

```js
function showChar(event) {
    if(event.code==="KeyK" && event.shiftKey){
        console.log("tigger ctrl+k");
    }
}
document.body.addEventListener('keydown', showChar, false);
//result
event.key: "K"
event.shiftKey: true
```

### 3.4 KeyboardEvent.location

<code style="color:#ea4335">KeyboardEvent.location</code> property returns a integer representing in which area of the keyboard the pressed key is located.

<https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/KeyboardEvent/location>

### 3.5 KeyboardEvent.repeat

<code style="color:#ea4335">KeyboardEvent.repeat</code> retrun a Boolean value representing whether the key is pressed and held. In order to determine whether to repeat this key. This is, the browser will continue to trigger the <code style="color:#ea4335">keydown</code> and <code style="color:#ea4335">keypress</code> event until the user release the hand.

## 4. Instance method of KeyboardEvent

### 4.1 KeyboardEvent.getModifierState()

The <code style="color:#ea4335">KeyboardEvent.getModifierState()</code> method return an Boolean value representing whether to press or activate the specified function key. Its commonly used parameters are as follows.

- <code style="color:#ea4335">Alt</code>
- <code style="color:#ea4335">CapsLock</code>
- <code style="color:#ea4335">Control</code>
- <code style="color:#ea4335">Meta</code>
- <code style="color:#ea4335">NumLock</code>
- <code style="color:#ea4335">Shift</code>
