# Touch event

- [Touch event](#touch-event)
  - [1. The overview of Touch operation](#1-the-overview-of-touch-operation)
  - [2. Touch event](#2-touch-event)
    - [2.1 Touch interface](#21-touch-interface)
    - [2.2 The properties of Touch Interface](#22-the-properties-of-touch-interface)
  - [3. Touch interface](#3-touch-interface)
  - [4.TouchEvent interface](#4touchevent-interface)
    - [4.1 Overveiw](#41-overveiw)
  - [5. Type of touch events](#5-type-of-touch-events)

## 1. The overview of Touch operation

The touch API of the browser consists of three parts.

- <code style="color:#ea4335">Touch</code>

    The instance object of the Touch interface is used to represent the touch point (a finger or a touch pen), including properties such as position, size, shape, pressure, target element, etc.

- <code style="color:#ea4335">TouchList</code>:

    Sometimes, a touch action is composed of multiple touch point, and the collection of multiple touch points is represented by an instance object of the <code style="color:#ea4335">Touchlist</code> interface.

- <code style="color:#ea4335">TouchEvent</code>:

    Instance object of the <code style="color:#ea4335">TouchEvent</code> interface represent events triggered by touch, and only touch screens can trigger this type of event.

## 2. Touch event

### 2.1 Touch interface

- **Constructor:**

    The <code style="color:#ea4335">Touch()</code> constructor creates a new <code style="color:#ea4335">Touch</code> object.

    ```js
    new Touch(touchInit);
    ```

    **Argument:**

    A <code style="color:#ea4335">TouchInit</code> dictionary, having the following fields:

  - <code style="color:#ea4335">identifier</code>: required, of type <code style="color:#ea4335">long</code>, that is the identification number for the touch point.
  - <code style="color:#ea4335">target</code>: required, of the type <code style="color:#ea4335">EventTarget</code>, the item at which the touch point started when it was first placed on the surface.
  - ...Optional

### 2.2 The properties of Touch Interface

1. Touch.identifier

2. Touch.screenX，Touch.screenY，Touch.clientX，Touch.clientY，pageX，pageY

3. Touch.radiusX，Touch.radiusY，Touch.rotationAngle

    The <code style="color:#ea4335">Touch.radiusX</code> Returns the X radius of the ellipse that most closely circumsribes the area of contact with the screen. The value is in pixels of the same scale as <code style="color:#ea4335">scrennX</code>

    The <code style="color:#ea4335">Touch.rotationAngle</code> returns the angle (in degrees) that the ellipse described by radiusX and radiusY must be rotated, clockwise, to most accurately cover the area of contact between the user and the surface.

4. Touch.force

    Returns the amount of pressure being applied to the surface by the user, as a <code style="color:#ea4335">float</code> between <code style="color:#ea4335">0.0</code> (no pressure) and <code style="color:#ea4335">1.0</code> (maximum pressure).

5. Touch.target

## 3. Touch interface

The <code style="color:#ea4335">TouchList</code> interface represents a list of contact points on a touch surface. For example, if the user has three fingers on the touch surface (such as a screen or trackpad), the corresponding <code style="color:#ea4335">TouchList</code> object would have one <code style="color:#ea4335">Touch</code> object for each finger, for a total of three entries.

**Properties:**

- <code style="color:#ea4335">Touchlist.length</code>

    The number of <code style="color:#ea4335">touch</code> objects in the <code style="color:#ea4335">TouchList</code>

**Method:**

- <code style="color:#ea4335">TouchList.item()</code>

    Returns the <code style="color:#ea4335">Touch</code> objects in the <code style="color:#ea4335">Touchlist</code>

## 4.TouchEvent interface

### 4.1 Overveiw

The <code style="color:#ea4335">TouchEvent</code> interface inherits the <code style="color:#ea4335">Event</code> interface.

**Constructor:**

- **Syntax:**

    ```js
    const event = new TouchEvent(typeArg, touchEventInit);
    ```

- **Values:**

- **typeArg:**

Is a <code style="color:#ea4335">DOMString</code> representing the name of the event.

- **touchEventInit optional:**

    Is a Touch <code style="color:#ea4335">EventInit</code> dictionary, having the following fields:

  - "touches", optional and defaulting to <code style="color:#ea4335">[]</code>, of type <code style="color:#ea4335">Touch[]</code>, that is a list of objects for every point of contact currently touching the surface.
  - "targetToucher", optional and defaulting to <code style="color:#ea4335">[]</code>, of type <code style="color:#ea4335">Touch[]</code>, that is a list of objects for every point of contact that is touching the surface and started on the element that is the target of the current event.
  - "changedTouches", optional and defaulting to <code style="color:#ea4335">[]</code>, of type <code style="color:#ea4335">Touch[]</code>, that is a list of objects for every point of contact which contributed to the event.
  - ctrlKey
  - shiftKey
  - altKey
  - metaKey

## 5. Type of touch events

There are the following events triggerd by touch. You can use the <code style="color:#ea4335">TouchEvent.type</code> property to check which type of event happened.

- <code style="color:#ea4335">touchstart</code>: Triggered when the user starts touching, its target property returns the element node where the touch occurred.
- <code style="color:#ea4335">touchend</code>: Triggerd when the user no longer touches the touch screen (or mobes out of the edge of the screen). Its target attribute is consistent with the <code style="color:#ea4335">touchstart</code> event, which is the element node where the touch starts.
- <code style="color:#ea4335">touchmove</code>: Truggered when the user moves the touch point, Its target attribute is consistent with the <code style="color:#ea4335">touchstart</code> event. If the radius, angle, and strength of the touch change, the event will also be triggered.
- <code style="color:#ea4335">touchcancel</code>: Triggered when the touch point is cancelled, such as popping out a modal window in the touch area (modal window); The touch point has left the document area (into the browser menu bar); The user has too many touch points, exceeding the upper limit of support (automatically cancel the previous touch points).

**Example:**

```js
var el = document.getElementsByTagName('canvas')[0];
el.addEventListener('touchstart', handleStart, false);
el.addEventListener('touchmove', handleMove, false);

function handleStart(evt) {
  evt.preventDefault();
  var touches = evt.changedTouches;
  for (var i = 0; i < touches.length; i++) {
    console.log(touches[i].pageX, touches[i].pageY);
  }
}

function handleMove(evt) {
  evt.preventDefault();
  var touches = evt.changedTouches;
  for (var i = 0; i < touches.length; i++) {
    var touch = touches[i];
    console.log(touch.pageX, touch.pageY);
  }
}
```
