# Browser environment overview

- [Browser environment overview](#browser-environment-overview)
  - [1.The method of embeding the code in a webpage](#1the-method-of-embeding-the-code-in-a-webpage)
    - [1.1 scirpt element embeds code](#11-scirpt-element-embeds-code)
    - [1.2 script element loads an external script](#12-script-element-loads-an-external-script)
    - [1.3 Event property](#13-event-property)
    - [1.4 URL protocol](#14-url-protocol)
  - [2.script element](#2script-element)
    - [2.1 working principle](#21-working-principle)
    - [2.2 defer property](#22-defer-property)
    - [2.3 async property](#23-async-property)
    - [2.4 Dynamic loading of script](#24-dynamic-loading-of-script)
    - [2.5 Protocol used in loading](#25-protocol-used-in-loading)
  - [3.The composition of browser](#3the-composition-of-browser)
    - [3.1 Rendering engine](#31-rendering-engine)
    - [3.2 reflow and repaint](#32-reflow-and-repaint)

## 1.The method of embeding the code in a webpage

There are cheif four methods for embeding the code in a webpage:

- The <code style="color:#ea4335">\<script></code> element is directly embedded in the code
- The <code style="color:#ea4335">\<script></code> tag loads an external script
- Event property
- URL protocol

### 1.1 scirpt element embeds code

### 1.2 script element loads an external script

To prevent attackers from tampering with external scripts,
scirpt tag allows to set an integrity property to write the hash signature of the external script, it is used to verify the consistency of the script.

```js
<script src="/assets/application.js"
  integrity="sha256-TvVUHzSfftWg1rcfL6TIJ0XKEGrgLyEq6lEpcmrG9qs=">
</script>
```

In the above code, the SHA256 signature of the external script <code style="color:#ea4335">/assets/application.js</code> is specified. Once someone changed the script, the SHA256 signature did not match, the browser will refuse to load.

### 1.3 Event property

```js
<button id="myBtn" onclick="console.log(this.id)">点击</button>
```

### 1.4 URL protocol

URL supports <code style="color:#ea4335">javascript:</code> protocol, that is write the code in the position of URL. The JavaScript code will be executed when using this URL.

```js
<a href="javascript:console.log('Hello')">点击</a>
```

If the JavaScript code return a string return a string, the browser will create a new document to display the content of the string and the content of the original document will disappear.

```js
<a href="javascript: new Date().toLocaleTimeString();">点击</a>
```

The commonly usage of <code style="color:#ea4335">javascript</code> protocol is Bookmarklet.

## 2.script element

### 2.1 working principle

The following is the normal web page loading process:

1. The browser downloads the HTML page and starts parsing at the same time.
2. During the parsing process, when the browser finds the <code style="color:#ea4335">\<script></code> element, it pauses the parsing, transfer control of web page rendering to the JavaScript engine.
3. If the <code style="color:#ea4335">\<script></code> element references an enternal script, download the script and execute it.
4. The JavaScript engine is executed, return control to the rendering engine, resume to parse the HTML page down.

If the external script takes a long time to load (the download has not been completed), then the browser will wait for the script download to complete, causing the wbe page to lose response for a long time. This is called the "blocking effect".

In order to avoid this situation, it is better to put all the <code style="color:#ea4335">\<script></code> tags at the bottom of the page isntead of the head. In this way, even if the script becomes unresponsive, the rendering of the main body of the web page has been completed. The user can at least see the content instead of facing a blank page.

If there are multiple script tag, such as

```js
<script src="a.js"></script>
<script src="b.js"></script>
```

the browser will download <code style="color:#ea4335">a.js</code> and <code style="color:#ea4335">b.js</code> in parallel at the same time. However, it will ensure that <code style="color:#ea4335">a.js</code> is executed first and then <code style="color:#ea4335">b.js</code> when executed, this is true even if the latter is downloaded first.

- Parsing and executing CSS will also cause blocking.

  - the Firefox browser will wait until all the style sheets in front of the script are downloaded and parsed and then execute the scritp.
  - the Webkit will suspend the execution of the script once it finds that the script references a style, wait util the style sheet is downloaded and parsed, and then resume execution.

In addition, for resoures from the same domain, such as script files, style sheet files, image files, etc., browser are generally limited, and at most 6-20 resourses can be downloaded at the same time. That is, there is a limit to the maximun number of TCP connections that can be opened at the same time. This is to prevent too much pressure on the server. If it is a resourse from a different domain name, there is no such restriction. Therefore, usually put static files under different domain names to improve the downloads speed.

### 2.2 defer property

In order to solve the problem of script file download blocking web page rendering, one of methods is add the <code style="color:#ea4335">defer</code> property to the <code style="color:#ea4335">\<script></code> element. It usage is to delay the execution of the script and wait until the DOM is loaded and generated before executing the script.

```js
<script src="a.js" defer></script>
<script src="b.js" defer></script>
```

With the <code style="color:#ea4335">defer</code> property, the browser will not block page rendering when downloading script files. The downloaded script file is executed before the <code style="color:#ea4335">DOMConetentLoaded</code> event is triggered (that is, the <code style="color:#ea4335">\</html></code> tag has just been read). and it can be guaranteed that the order of execution is the order in which they appear on the page.

For script tags that are built-in instead of loading external scripts, and dynamically generated script tags, the <code style="color:#ea4335">defer</code> property does't work.

### 2.3 async property

Another way to solve the "block effect" is to add an async property to the <code style="color:#ea4335">\<script></code> element.

```js
<script src="a.js" async></script>
<script src="b.js" async></script>
```

The usage of <code style="color:#ea4335">async</code> property is to use another process to download the script, without blocking rendering when downloading.

- Note:

  Once this property is adopted, the execution order of the script cannot not be guaranteed.

- Which one of the <code style="color:#ea4335">defer</code> property and <code style="color:#ea4335">async</code> property should be used?

  - If there are no dependencies between scripts, use the <code style="color:#ea4335">async</code> property.
  - If there are dependencies between scripts, use the <code style="color:#ea4335">defer</code> property.

### 2.4 Dynamic loading of script

The <code style="color:#ea4335">\<scrip></code> element can also be generated dynamically, and then inserted into the webpage after generation, so as to realize the dynamic loading of script

```js
['a.js', 'b.js'].forEach(function(src) {
  var script = document.createElement('script');
  script.src = src;
  document.head.appendChild(script);
});
```

However, this method cannot ensure the execution order of script. If you want to avoid this problem you can set the <code style="color:#ea4335">async</code> property to <code style="color:#ea4335">false</code>.

```js
['a.js', 'b.js'].forEach(function(src) {
  var script = document.createElement('script');
  script.src = src;
  script.async = false;
  document.head.appendChild(script);
});
```

### 2.5 Protocol used in loading

The browser defaults to the HTTP protocol for downloading if you don't specify the protocl.

```js
<script src="example.js"></script>
//is equivalent to
<script src="http://example.js"></script>
```

If you want to use the HTTPS protocol to download, it must be stated.

```js
<script src="https://example.js"></script>
```

If you want to determine the loading protocol according to the protocol of the page itself. the following wording can be used in this time.

```js
<script src="//example.js"></script>
```

## 3.The composition of browser

The core of the browser is two parts:

- Rendering engine
- JavaScript interpreter (also known as JavaScirpt engine).

### 3.1 Rendering engine

The mainly function of rendering engine is to render the webpage code into a flat document that the user can visually perceive.

Different browsers has different rendering engine.

- Firefox：Gecko engine;
- Safari：WebKit engine;
- Chrome：Blink engine;
- IE: Trident engine;
- Edge: EdgeHTML engine;

The rendering engine processes web page, usually divided into four stages:

- Parsing code: HTML code is parsed as DOM, CSS code is parsed as CSSOM (CSS Object Model)
- Object composition: combine the DOM and CSSOM into a render tree.
- flow: calculate the layout of render tree.
- paint: paint the render tree to screen.

The above four steps are not strictly performed in order.

### 3.2 reflow and repaint

The flow and paint both have block effect and consume a lot time and computing resourse.

After generating page, the script operation and the style sheet operation and user interaction will trigger "reflow" and "repaint";

reflow and repaint do not necessarily occur together, reflow will inevitable lead to repaint, but repaint does not necessarily require reflow. For example, changing the element color, will only cause repaint, but not reflow.
