# 2020

1. what looks beyond dispute is that
   1. in the proportion of the purpose of reading on phone, use for acquiring knowledge accounted for 60%.
   2. and other reasons all only accounted for 40%
2. [the meaning of the chart proves quite conspicuous]:
3. [it is] [the majority of] undergraduates [that] tend to acquire knowledge through a phone reading under modern conditions.

4. [The majority of the masses, in my judgment, would agree that the issue has its deep roots as follows].
5. [The main element for the issue is that]
   1. [the more] intelligent the phone becomes, the more facilities phone will have.
      1. [which paves the way for undergraduates to acquire knowledge.
6. [Additionally],
   1. Reading on phone is a convenient thing
     - which means that
       - one can read on the way to class.
       - one can read before sleep.
       - even when there are a sea of tasks waiting for us to do.
7. [As a consequence],
   1. [Not only does] Reading on phone save the time of undergraduates but also keeps an excellent study habit although one will waste energy by using a mobile phone periodically.
8. In conclusion, Reading on phone keeps as useful as sunshine and rainwater, which plays a key role in the normal growth of most plants in the world.
9. undergraduates can not have failed to use phones to acquire knowledge
   1. in the meanwhile,
10. It seems imperative that
    1. teachers in universities
    2. should encourage
    3. students
    4. to use the phone in a right way.
11. Should not we pour attention into the issue of the purpose of reading on phone?
