# 2021

1. what looks beyond dispute is that
   1. in the proportion of the exercise style of urban citizens, exercise alone accounted for 54%.
   2. [on the contrary]
   3. exercise with the group only accounted for 20%
2. [the meaning of the chart proves quite conspicuous]:
3. [it is] [the majority of] exercisers [that] tend to exercise alone under modern conditions.

4. [The majority of the masses, in my judgment, would agree that the issue has its deep roots as follows].
5. [The main element for the issue is that]
   1. [the more] citizens an exercise join, the low efficient they will get.
      1. [which has been widely accepted by the professors of sport.
6. [Additionally],
   1. exercise together is a negative thing
     - which means that
       - one is supposed to wait for their partners
       - one should keep **tempo** with partners
       - even when one is **depressed**.
7. [As a consequence],
   1. [Not only does] exercise together keep a serious influence but also decreases the passion for exerciser
   2. although an ocean of private individuals hardly ever places great emphasis on the situation

8. In conclusion, exercise alone keeps as crucial as sunshine and rainwater, which plays a key role in the normal growth of most plants in the world.
9. exerciser can not have failed to exercise alone(准确事)
   1. in the meanwhile,
10. It seems imperative that
    1. communities
    2. should encourage
    3. their residents
    4. not to exercise together.
11. Should not we pour attention into the issue of exercise style?
