# 2022

1. what looks beyond dispute is that
   1. the number of the express parcel, from years 2018 to 2020, surged from 51 million pieces to 83 million pieces,
   2. among this,
   3. the number of express parcels in the countryside rocketed from 12 million pieces to 30 million pieces.
2. [the meaning of the chart proves quite conspicuous]:
3. [it is] express that tends to be in robust growth.

4. [The majority of the masses, in my judgment, would agree that the issue has its deep roots as follows].
5. [The main element for the issue is that]
   1. [the better the economy develops, the more requirements humans will get.
      1. [which has been widely accepted by experts and professors of the economy.
6. [Additionally],
   1. shopping online is a convenient thing
     - which means that
       - one can pick up goods online
       - one can return goods online
       - no matter wherever one is.
7. [As a consequence],
   1. Not only does shopping online exert great influence in the city but also asserts itself in the countryside although the way sending express parcels to the countryside is difficult.

8. In conclusion, the growth of express keeps as fast as the exponential function, whose curve of growth is almost a straight line
9. youngster and teenagers in the countryside can not have failed to teach their superiors to shop online
   1. in the meanwhile,
10. It seems imperative that
    1. village committee
    2. should encourage
    3. their villager
    4. to shop online.
11. Should not we pour attention into the issue of the growth of express?
