# 1.异步操作概述

- [1.异步操作概述](#1异步操作概述)
  - [1.The single-threaded model](#1the-single-threaded-model)
  - [2.synchronous and asynchronous](#2synchronous-and-asynchronous)
  - [3.task queue adn Event Loop](#3task-queue-adn-event-loop)
  - [4.The mode of asynchronous operation](#4the-mode-of-asynchronous-operation)
    - [4.1 callback](#41-callback)
    - [4.2 Event monitoring](#42-event-monitoring)
    - [4.3 Publish-subscribe](#43-publish-subscribe)
  - [5.Process control of asynchronous operation](#5process-control-of-asynchronous-operation)
    - [5.1 Serial execution](#51-serial-execution)
    - [5.2 Parallel execution](#52-parallel-execution)

## 1.The single-threaded model

The single-threaded model means that JavaScript runs on only one thread. In other words, JavaScript can only perform one task at a time, and other tasks must be queued up later.

Note that JavaScript runs on only one thread that does't mean that the JavaScript engine has only one thread. In fact, the JavaScirpt engine has multiple threads, a single script can only run on one thread(called the main thread), and other threads cooperate in the background.

The reason why JavaScript uses single-threaded instead of multi-threaded has something to do with history. JavaScript has been single-threaded sicne its inception,the reason is that it  does't want to make the browser too complicated. Because multi-threaded need to share resources and may modify each other's running results. So, to avoid complexity, JavaScript has been single-threaded since its inception.

Although the single-threaded model poses a lot of restriction on JavaScript, it also gives it advantages that other languages don't have. If used well, JavaScript will not be blocked, which is Why Node.js can use very few resources to cope with high-traffic access.

## 2.synchronous and asynchronous

All tasks in the program can be devided into two categories:

- synchronous

synchronous are those tasks that are not suspended by the engine and are queued for execution on the main thread. Only when the previous task is completed can the next task be executed.

- asynchronous

asynchronous are those tasks that suspended by the engine
, don't enter the main thread but enter the task queue. Only when engine thinks that an asynchronous can be executed(For example, Ajax operations get results from the server), the task (in the form of a callback function) will enter the main thread for execution.

For example, Ajax operations can be processed as a synchronous task or as an asynchronous task, which is determined by the developer.

- If it is a synchronous task, the main thread waits for the Ajax operation to return the result,and the executes.
- If it is a asynchronous task, After the main thread sends an Ajax request, it executes directly. When the Ajax operation has a result, the main thread executes the corresponding callback function.

## 3.task queue adn Event Loop

JavaScript runtime, in addition to running main thread, the engine also prodives a <code style="color:#ea4335">**task queue**</code>. Inside are various asynchronous tasks that need to be processed by the current program.(In fact, there are multiple task queues depending on the type of asynchronous task)

First, the main thread will execute all of the synchronous tasks. When all synchronous tasks are executed, it will go to see the asynchronous tasks in the task queue. If the conditions are met, the asynchronous tasks will Re-enter the main thread to start execution, At this time it becomes a synchoronization task. Wait till the execution is finished, the next asynchronous tasks enters the main thread to start execution. Once the task queue is emptied, the program ends execution.

Asynchronous tasks are usually written as callback functions. Once the asynchronous Re-enter the main thread, it will execute corresponding callback function.

How dose JavaScript engine know whether an asynchronous task has a result, and whether it can enter the main thread?

The awnser is that the engine is constantly checking, over and over again, as long as the synchronous tasks are executed, the engine will check the suspended asynchronous tasks to see if they can enter the main thread.

This kind of loop cheking mechanism is called <code style="color:#ea4335">Event Loop</code>(a programing construct that waits for and dispatches events or messaegs in a program)

## 4.The mode of asynchronous operation

The following summarizes several modes of asynchronous operation

### 4.1 callback

Callback function is the most basic method of asynchronous operation.

```js
function f1(callback) {
    console.log('shitF1');
    callback();
}

function f2() {
    console.log('shitF2');
}

f1(f2);

//shitF1
//shitF2
```

- The advantage of callback function is simple, easy to understand and implement
- The disadvantage is
  - not conductive to the reading and maintenance of the code, and the coupling between various part
  - making the program structure chaotic and the process difficult to track
  - each task can only specify one callback function

### 4.2 Event monitoring

Another idea is to use an event-driven model. The execution of asynchronous tasks does not depend on the order of the code, but on whether an event occurs.

```js
f1.on('done', f2);

function f1() {
  setTimeout(function () {
    // ...
    f1.trigger('done');
  }, 1000);
}
```

First, bind an event to f1(the JQurey way of writing)

when a done event occrus on <code style="color:#ea4335">f1</code>, execute <code style="color:#ea4335">f2</code>

<code style="color:#ea4335">f1.trigger('done')</code> indicates that after the execution is completed, the done event is triggered immediately, and the execution of <code style="color:#ea4335">f2</code> is started.

- The advantage of this method is easy to understand and it can bind multiple events. Each event can specify multiple events, and can be 'decoupling',and facilitates modularization
- The disadvantage is that the entire program has to become event-driven, and the running process will become very unclear. When reading the code, it's difficult to see the main flow.

### 4.3 Publish-subscribe

The event can be completely understood as "signals". If there is a "signal center" and a certain task is completed, a signal is "published" to the signal center. Other tasks can "subscribe" to this signal from the signal center to know when they can start executing.
This is called **publish-subscribe pattern or observer pattern**

The following is Tiny Pub/Sub by Ben Alman, which is a plug-in for JQuery

```js
jQuery.subscribe('done', f2);

function f1() {
  setTimeout(function () {
    // ...
    jQuery.publish('done');
  }, 1000);
}
```

in the above code, <code style="color:#ea4335">JQuery.publish('done')</code> means that After the execution of <code style="color:#ea4335">f1</code> is completed, the done signal is published to the signal center JQuery, which triggers the executions of <code style="color:#ea4335">f2</code>

After the execution of <code style="color:#ea4335">f2</code>, you can unsubscribe

```js
jQuery.unsubscribe('done', f2);
```

- The nature of this method is similar to "event monitoring", but it is obviously better than the latter. Because you can check the "massage center" to understand how many signals exist and how many subscriber each signal has, so as to monitor the operation of the program.

## 5.Process control of asynchronous operation

If there are multiple asynchronous operation, there is a process control problem ——

- How to determine the order of execution of asynchronous operations and how to ensure compliance with this order.

```js
function async(arg, callback) {
  console.log('参数为 ' + arg +' , 1秒后返回结果');
  setTimeout(function () { callback(arg * 2); }, 1000);
}
```

The <code style="color:#ea4335">async</code> function of the above code is a asynchronous task,it is very time-consuming, each execution takes 1 second to complete, and then call the callback function.

there are six asynchronous, After all needs to be completed, the final function can be executed.

```js
function final(value) {
  console.log('完成: ', value);
}

async(1, function (value) {
  async(2, function (value) {
    async(3, function (value) {
      async(4, function (value) {
        async(5, function (value) {
          async(6, final);
        });
      });
    });
  });
});
// 参数为 1 , 1秒后返回结果
// 参数为 2 , 1秒后返回结果
// 参数为 3 , 1秒后返回结果
// 参数为 4 , 1秒后返回结果
// 参数为 5 , 1秒后返回结果
// 参数为 6 , 1秒后返回结果
// 完成:  12
```

The above code, the nesting of the six callback functions is not only cumbersome to write,error-prone, and difficult to maintain.

### 5.1 Serial execution

We can write a process control function and let it control aysnchronous task, After a task is completed, perform another. This is <code style="color:#ea4335">Serial execution</code>

```js
var items = [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 ];
var results = [];

function async(arg, callback) {
  console.log('参数为 ' + arg +' , 1秒后返回结果');
  setTimeout(function () { callback(arg * 2); }, 1000);
}

function final(value) {
  console.log('完成: ', value);
}

function series(item) {
  if(item) {
    async( item, function(result) {
      results.push(result);
      return series(items.shift());
    });
  } else {
    return final(results[results.length - 1]);
  }
}

series(items.shift());
```

In the above code, function <code style="color:#ea4335">series</code> is a serial function, it will execute asynchronous tasks in turn, After all of the tasks are completed, the <code style="color:#ea4335">final</code> function will be execited.

- The <code style="color:#ea4335">items</code> array holds the parameters of each asynchronous tasks.
- The <code style="color:#ea4335">results</code> array holds the executing result of each asynchronous tasks.

Note that The above writing takes six seconds to complete the entire script.

### 5.2 Parallel execution

The process control function can also be executed in parallel, that is, all aysnchronous tasks are executed at the same time. After all is completed, the final function is executed.

```js
var items = [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 ];
var results = [];

function async(arg, callback) {
  console.log('参数为 ' + arg +' , 1秒后返回结果');
  setTimeout(function () { callback(arg * 2); }, 1000);
}

function final(value) {
  console.log('完成: ', value);
}

items.forEach(function(item) {
  async(item, function(result){
    results.push(result);
    if(results.length === items.length) {
      final(results[results.length - 1]);
    }
  })
});
```

In the above code, <code style="color:#ea4335">forEach</code> method will initiate six asynchronous tasks, after all is completed, the <code style="color:#ea4335">final</code> function is executed.

- Parallel execution is more effirent and saves time compared to serial execution only one task can be executed at a time.
- However, if there are many parallel tasks, which can easily exhaust system resources and slow down the running speed.

Therefore, there is a third method of process control.

### 5.3 Combination of parallel and serial

The so-called combination of parallel and serial is to set a threshold, at most <code style="color:#ea4335">n</code> asynchronous tasks can be executed in parallel each time, this avoid excessive occupation of system resources.

```js
var items = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6];
var results = [];
var running = 0;
var limit = 2;

function async(arg, callback) {
    console.log('参数为 ' + arg + ' , 1秒后返回结果');
    setTimeout(function () { callback(arg * 2); }, 1000);
}

function final(value) {
    console.log('完成: ', value);
}

function launcher() {
    while (running < limit && items.length > 0) {
        var item = items.shift();
        async(item, function (result) {
            results.push(result);
            running--;
            if (items.length > 0) {
                launcher();
            } else if (running == 0) {
                final(results);
            }
        });
        running++;
    }
}

launcher();
```

In the above code, at most two asynchronous tasks can be executed at the same time.

- The variable running records the number of tasks currently running, as long as it is below the threshold, a new task will be started. if it is equal to 0, it means that all tasks have been executed, the <code style="color:#ea4335">final</code> functions is executed at this time.

The code takes three seconds to complete the entire script, between serial execution and parallel execution. By adjusting the limit variable, the best balance between efficiency and resources is achieved.
