# Timer

- [Timer](#timer)
  - [1.setTimeout()](#1settimeout)
  - [2. setInterval()](#2-setinterval)
  - [3.clearTimeout(),clearInterval()](#3cleartimeoutclearinterval)
  - [4.debounce](#4debounce)
  - [5. Operating machanism](#5-operating-machanism)
  - [6.setTimeout(f,0)](#6settimeoutf0)
    - [6.1 Meaning](#61-meaning)
    - [6.2 application](#62-application)

JavaScript provides the functions of timing code execution, called timer, which is mainly completed by two functions <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout()</code> and <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval()</code>. They add the timed tasks to the task queue.

## 1.setTimeout()

The <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> function is used to specify a certain function or a certain piece of code.

```js
var timerId = setTimeout(func|code, delay);
```

<code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> function accepts two parameters

- The first parameter <code style="color:#ea4335">func|code</code> is the name of the function or a piece of code to be postponed
- The second parameter <code style="color:#ea4335">delay</code> is the number of milliseconds to postpone the execution.(If omitted, it defaults to 0).

In addtion to the above two parameters, <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> also allows more parameters. They will be passed into the delayed function (callback function) in turn.

```js
setTimeout(function (a, b) {
    console.log(a + b);
}, 1000, 1, 1);
//after 1 second output 2
```

Note that if callback function is an method of object, then <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> makes the <code style="color:#ea4335">this</code> keyword inside the method point to global environment, instead of the object where it was defined.

```js
var x = 1;

var obj = {
  x: 2,
  y: function () {
    console.log(this.x);
  }
};

setTimeout(obj.y, 1000) // 1
```

To prevent this problem

- One solution is to put obj.y into a function, it makes <code style="color:#ea4335">obj.y</code> execute in the scope of <code style="color:#ea4335">obj</code> instead of executing in the global scope.

```js
var x = 1;

var obj = {
  x: 2,
  y: function () {
    console.log(this.x);
  }
};

setTimeout(function () {
  obj.y();
}, 1000);
// 2
```

- Another solution is use <code style="color:#ea4335">bind</code> method bind the <code style="color:#ea4335">obj.y</code> method to <code style="color:#ea4335">obj</code>

```js
var x = 1;

var obj = {
  x: 2,
  y: function () {
    console.log(this.x);
  }
};

setTimeout(obj.y.bind(obj), 1000)
// 2
```

## 2. setInterval()

The usage of <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code> function is exactly the same as <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code>, The difference is only that <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code> specifies that a certain task will be executed every once in a while, that is, unlimited timing execution.

The following is an example of implementing web page animation through the <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code> method.

```js
var div = document.getElementById('someDiv');
var opacity = 1;
var fader = setInterval(function() {
  opacity -= 0.1;
  if (opacity >= 0) {
    div.style.opacity = opacity;
  } else {
    clearInterval(fader);
  }
}, 100);
```

The above code every 100 milliseconds, set the transparency of the <code style="color:#ea4335">div</code> element until it is completely transparent.

A common use of <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code> is to implement polling. The following is an example of polling whether the Hash value of the URL has changed.

```js
var hash = window.location.hash;
var hashWatcher = setInterval(function() {
  if (window.location.hash != hash) {
    updatePage();
  }
}, 1000);
```

---
question: what is the window.location.hash

---

<code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code> specifies the interval between "start execution", and does not consider the time consumed by each task execution itself. So actually, the interval between two executions will less than specified time.

For example:

- <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code> specifies that it will be executed every 100 milliseconds, it takes 5 milliseconds every execution, then 95 milliseconds after the end of the first execution, the second execution will be started.
- if a certain execution takes a very long time, such as 105 milliseconds, then after it ends, the next execution will start immediately.

To ensure that there is a fixed interval between two executions, you can not use <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code>, but after each execution, use <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> to specify the specified time for the next execution.

```js
var i = 1;
var timer = setTimeout(function f() {
  // ...
  timer = setTimeout(f, 2000);
}, 2000);
```

## 3.clearTimeout(),clearInterval()

<code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> and <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code> functions both return an integer value, which indicates the conuter number. Pass the integer into the clearTimeout and clearInterval functions to cancel the corresponding timer.

```js
var id1 = setTimeout(f, 1000);
var id2 = setInterval(f, 1000);

clearTimeout(id1);
clearInterval(id2);
```

The integer values returned by <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> and <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code> are continuous, it means that the second integer value returned by <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> will be 1 greater than integer value of first one.

```js
function f() {}
let array = [];
array.push(setTimeout(f, 1000));// 3
array.push(setTimeout(f, 1000));// 4
array.push(setTimeout(f, 1000));// 5
```

Using this, you can write a function to cancel all current <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> of <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code> timer

```js
(function() {
  // 每轮事件循环检查一次
  var gid = setInterval(clearAllTimeouts, 0);

  function clearAllTimeouts() {
    var id = setTimeout(function() {}, 0);
    while (id > 0) {
      if (id !== gid) {
        clearTimeout(id);
      }
      id--;
    }
  }
})();
```

## 4.debounce

Sometimes, we don't hope that the callback is invoked frequently. For example, the user fills in the content of the webpage input box and hopes to send it back to the serber through the Ajax method. JQuery is written as follows.

```js
$('textarea').on('keydown', ajaxAction);
```

This writing has a big disadvantage, if the user presses the keys continuously, The keydown event will be tiggered continuously, causing a lot of Ajax communications.

This is unnecessary and is likely to cause performance problems. The correct approach should be set a threshold indicates that the minimum time between two Ajax communications.

- If a new <code style="color:#ea4335">keydown</code> event occurs within the interval, the Ajax communication will not be triggerd and the timing will restart.
- If the specified time has passed and no new <code style="color:#ea4335">keydown</code> event occurs, the data will be sent out again.

The approach is called <code style="color:#ea4335">debounce</code>. Assuming that the interval between two Ajax communications should not be less than 2500 milliseconds, the above code can be rewritten as follows.

```js
$('textarea').on('keydown', debounce(ajaxAction, 2500));

function debounce(fn, delay){
  var timer = null; // 声明计时器
  return function() {
    var context = this;
    var args = arguments;
    clearTimeout(timer);
    timer = setTimeout(function () {
      fn.apply(context, args);
    }, delay);
  };
}
```

In the above code, as long as user hits the key again within 2500 milliseconds, the last timer will be cancelled ,and then a new timer will be created.

---
$\color{#B620E0}{question:}$

why the last timer can be cancelled???

---

## 5. Operating machanism

The operating machanism of <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> and <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code>, is to move the specified code out of this round of event loop, waiting for next round of event loop, then check if it's the specified time

- if it arrives, execute the corresponding code
- if it does not,continue to wait

It means that the specified callback of <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> and <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code>, Must wait until all synchronous tasks of this round of event loop have been executed before execution. Since it is uncertain how long the previous task will take to complete, there is no way to guarantee that the tasks specified by <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> and <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code> will be executed in accordance with the scheduled time.

The following is an example of setInterval

```js
setInterval(function () {
  console.log(2);
}, 1000);

sleep(3000);

function sleep(ms) {
  var start = Date.now();
  while ((Date.now() - start) < ms) {
  }
}
```

In the above code, <code style="color:#ea4335">setInterval</code> requires that a 2 be output every 1000 milliseconds. However, the following <code style="color:#ea4335">sleep</code> statement takes 3000 milliseconds to complete. Then setInterval must be postponed to 3000 milliseconds before it takes effect.

## 6.setTimeout(f,0)

### 6.1 Meaning

The function of <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> is to postpone the code execution until the specified time. As mentioned in the previous section, it must wait until the synchronous tasks of the current script are all processed before executing the callback function <code style="color:#ea4335">f</code> specified by <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code>. It means that the <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout(f,0)</code> will be executed at the beginningof the next round of event loop.

```js
setTimeout(function () {
  console.log(1);
}, 0);
console.log(2);
// 2
// 1
```

In short, the purpose of setTimeout(f,0) is to execute <code style="color:#ea4335">f</code> as early as possible, but it does not guarantee that <code style="color:#ea4335">f</code> will be executed immediately.

### 6.2 application

<code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> has several very important uses. One of its application is to adjust the sequence of events.

For example, In web development, an event first occurs in the child element, and then bubbled to the parent element, that is, the event callback function of the child element will be triggerd earlier than the event callback function of the parent element. If you want the event callback function of the parent element to happen first, you need to use <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout(f,0)</code>.

```js
// HTML 代码如下
// <input type="button" id="myButton" value="click">

var input = document.getElementById('myButton');

input.onclick = function A() {
  setTimeout(function B() {
    input.value +=' input';
  }, 0)
};

document.body.onclick = function C() {
  input.value += ' body'
};
```

Another application is a user-defined callback function, which is usually triggerd before the default action of the browser. For example, the user enter text in the input box, and the <code style="color:#ea4335">keypress</code> event will be triggerd before the brower receives the text.

Therefore, the following callback function does not achieve the purpose

```js
document.getElementById('input-box').onkeypress = function (event) {
  this.value = this.value.toUpperCase();
}
```

It can only convert the characters before this input to uppercase, because the browser has not received the new text at this time.

```js
document.getElementById('input-box').onkeypress = function() {
  var self = this;
  setTimeout(function() {
    self.value = self.value.toUpperCase();
  }, 0);
}
```

The above code puts the code in <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code>, which can make it trigger after the browser receives the text.

Because <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout</code> actually means that put the task in the earliest avaiable idle time of the browser to execute. Therefore, those tasks that are computationally intensive and time-consuming are often put into several small parts and executed in <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout(f,0)</code>

```js
var div = document.getElementsByTagName('div')[0];

// 写法一
for (var i = 0xA00000; i < 0xFFFFFF; i++) {
  div.style.backgroundColor = '#' + i.toString(16);
}

// 写法二
var timer;
var i=0x100000;

function func() {
  timer = setTimeout(func, 0);
  div.style.backgroundColor = '#' + i.toString(16);
  if (i++ == 0xFFFFFF) clearTimeout(timer);
}

timer = setTimeout(func, 0);
```

There are two ways to write the above code, both of which are to change the background color of a web page element.

- The writing method 1 will cause the brower to "clog", because JavaScript execution speed is much higher than DOM, which will cause a large number of DOM operations to "stack"
- The writing method 2 is not. This is the benefit of <code style="color:#ea4335">setTimeout(f,0)</code>

```js
var div = document.getElementsByTagName('div')[0];

// 写法一
for (var i = 0xA00000; i < 0xFFFFFF; i++) {
  div.style.backgroundColor = '#' + i.toString(16);
}

// 写法二
var timer;
var i=0x100000;

function func() {
  timer = setTimeout(func, 0);
  div.style.backgroundColor = '#' + i.toString(16);
  if (i++ == 0xFFFFFF) clearTimeout(timer);
}

timer = setTimeout(func, 0);
```

Another example of using this technique is the processign of code highlighing.

---
$\color{#B620E0}{question:}$
how to do highlighting.

---
