# Promise Object

- [Promise Object](#promise-object)
  - [The meaning of Promise](#the-meaning-of-promise)
  - [2.Basic usage](#2basic-usage)

## The meaning of Promise

Promise is a solution for asynchronous programming, it was first proposed and implemented by the community, and ES6 wrote it into language standard, unified usage, and natively provided Promise objects.

The so-call <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> is simply a container, it stores the result of an event(usually an asynchronous operation) that will end in the future. Syntactically speaking, a Promise is an object, from which you can obtain messages for asynchronous opetations. <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> provides a unified API, and various asynchronous operations can be processed with in the same way.

<code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> objects have the following two characteristics.

- The status of object is not affected by the outside.

    The Promise object represents an asynchronous operation and has three status

    1. <code style="color:#ea4335">pending</code>
    2. <code style="color:#ea4335">fulfilled</code>
    3. <code style="color:#ea4335">reject</code>

    Only the result of the asynchronous operation can determine the current status, any other operation cannot change this status. This is also the origin of the name <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code>

- The status will not change again once it changes, and this result can be obtained at any time.

    There are only two possibilities for the status of the <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> object to change.

    1. From <code style="color:#ea4335">pending</code> to <code style="color:#ea4335">fulfilled</code>
    2. From <code style="color:#ea4335">pending</code> to <code style="color:#ea4335">rejected</code>

    As long as these two situation occur, the state will be frozen and will not change anymore, and this result will always be maintained. At this time, it is called <code style="color:#ea4335">resolved</code>

    👆This is completely different from an event. The feature of an event is that if you miss it, you can listen to it and you will get no results.

- The advantage of Promise

    1. With the <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> object, asynchronous operations can be expressed in a synchronous operation process, avoiding nested callback functions.
    2. <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> provides the unitied interface, making it easier to control asynchronous operations.

- The disadvantage of Promise

    1. <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> cannot be cancelled, it will be executed immediately once it is create, and it cannot be cancelled halfway
    2. if the callback function is not set, the error thrown inside the Promise will not be reflected to the outside.
    3. When in the <code style="color:#ea4335">pending</code> status, it is impossible to know which stage is currently progressing to (just started or is about to be completed)

    If certain events happen repeatedly, generally speaking, using <code style="color:#ea4335">Stream</code> mode is a better choice than deploying <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code>

    Note that for the convenience of writing, <code style="color:#ea4335">resolved</code> in the back of this chapter only refers to the <code style="color:#ea4335">fulfilled</code> status.

## 2.Basic usage

ES6 stipulates that the <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> object is a constructor, using to generate a <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> instances.

The following code creates an instance of <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code>

```js
const promise = new Promise(function(resolve, reject) {
  // ... some code

  if (/* 异步操作成功 */){
    resolve(value);
  } else {
    reject(error);
  }
});
```

<code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> constructor function accepts a function as a parameter, the two parameters of this function are <code style="color:#ea4335">resolve</code> and <code style="color:#ea4335">reject</code>. They are two functions which provided by the JavaScript engine.

- The role of the <code style="color:#ea4335">resolve</code> function is to change the state of the <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> object from "pending" to "resolved", called when the asynchronous operation succeeds, and pass the result of the asynchronous operation as a parameter.
- The role of the <code style="color:#ea4335">reject</code> function is change the state of the <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> object from "pending" to "rejected", called when the asynchronous operation fails, and pass the error reported by the asynchronous operation as a parameter.

After the <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> instance is generated, it can use the <code style="color:#ea4335">then</code> method to specify the callback function of the <code style="color:#ea4335">resolved</code> state and <code style="color:#ea4335">rejected</code> state respectively.

```js
promise.then(function(value) {
  // success
}, function(error) {
  // failure
});
```

The <code style="color:#ea4335">then</code> method accepts two callback functions as parameters.

- The first callback function is called when the state of <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> object becomes <code style="color:#ea4335">resolved</code>
- The second callback function is called when the state of <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> object becomes <code style="color:#ea4335">rejected</code>

Both of these functions are optional and do not have to be provided. They all accept the value passed by the <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> as parameters.

The following is a simple example of <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> object.

```js
function timeout(ms) {
    return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
        setTimeout(resolve, ms, 'done');
    });
}

timeout(1000).then((value) => {
    console.log(value);
});
```

In the above code, <code style="color:#ea4335">timeout</code> method return a instance of <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code>, indicating a result that will occur after a period of time. After the specified time (ms parameter) has passed, the state of <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> instance becomes <code style="color:#ea4335">resolved</code>, the callback function bound by the <code style="color:#ea4335">then</code> method will be triggered.

<code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> will be executed immediately after it is created.

```js
let promise = new Promise(function(resolve, reject) {
  console.log('Promise');
  resolve();
});

promise.then(function() {
  console.log('resolved.');
});

console.log('Hi!');

// Promise
// Hi!
// resolved
```

In the ahove code, <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code> will be executed immediately after it is create, so the first output is <code style="color:#ea4335">Promise</code>. Then, the callback function specified by the <code style="color:#ea4335">then</code> method will be executed after all the synchronization tasks of the current scirpt are executed, so <code style="color:#ea4335">resolved</code> finally output.

---
Due to lack of knowledge, the second point is to be studied.

---
