# 181-185

## 181 2022 mistakes

1. surged from 51 million pieces to 83 million piece**s**
2. the number of express parcel**s** in the country**side** rocket**d** from 12 million pieces to 30 million pieces.
3. [it is] express that tend to be in robust growth.
4. [the better the economy develop**s**, the more **requirements** human**s** will get.
5. [which has been widely accepted by experts and professors of **the** economy.
6. [Not only does] shopping online **exert** great influence in **the** city but also asserts itself in **the** countryside
   1. although the way **sending** express parcels to the countryside is difficult.
7. the growth of express keeps as fast as **the** exponential function, whose curve of growth is almost a straight line.
8. (不用the)**youngster** and teenagers in **the** countryside can not have failed to teach their superior**s** to shop online

## 182

1. I am **an** undergraduate from the department of Fine Arts in the university. I am writing **this** letter
2. keeps so **interesting** that we never fail to join it every term

## 183 2016 text3

1. Today, widespread social pressure to immediately go to college **in conjunction with** increasingly high expectations
2. it seems worthless to take **off-campus** courses
3. There's always a constant fear of falling behind **everyone else** on the socially **perpetuated** "race to the finish line,"
4. Gap year experiences can **lessen** the **blow** when it comes to adjusting to college and being thrown into a **brand new** environment,
5. Many students find themselves **listing** one major on their college applications, but switching to another after taking college classes.
6. it can be **costly** to make up **credits** after switching too late in the game.
7. you would have to complete an extra year **were you** to switch to the nursing school from another department
8. in **favor** of the Gap Year.

## 184 2017 text4

1. **In effect**, fewer federal funds today are going towards the agency's other work
2. As Moritz **puts it**, how often are federal dollars building homes that are likely to be lost to a wildfire
3. Do we want **instead to** redirect those funds to concentrate on lower-hazard parts of the landscape?
4. Such a view would require a **corresponding shift** in the way US society today views fire, researchers say
5. For one thing, conversations about wildfires need to be more **inclusive**
6. it shouldn't **come at the expense** of the rest of the equation.
7. At the same time, people continue to treat fire as an event that needs to be wholly controlled and unleashed **only out of necessity**
8. It is really important to understand and try and **tease out** what is the human connection with fire today.
