# 31-35

- [31-35](#31-35)
  - [Day31](#day31)
  - [Day32](#day32)
  - [Day33](#day33)
  - [Day34](#day34)
  - [Day35](#day35)

## Day31

1. a **conspicuous** place; with **conspicuous** success;
2. **overlook** one's faults; **overlook** the ocean;
3. noisy_1
4. **doze** off_2
5. humiliate: to make someone feel ashamed or stupid, especially when other people are present
6. wooden **puzzle**; piece of the **puzzle**_1; **puzzle** of_2;
7. **puzzle** out_1; **puzzle** over_1
8. as (of) **yet**: used when saying that something has not happened up to now_1
9. be under somebody’s **thumb**
10. **thumb** your nose at somebody_1
11. **evenly** matched; **evenly** balanced;
12. Even more striking
13. **dream up** new scheme (**dreamed** or **dreamt**)
14. insensitive to;
15. **plough** through(also plow)_4
16. **draw** up a list; draw-drew-drawn;
17. top **executive**; **executive** powers;

## Day32

1. **dip** in/into;  the sun **dip** below the horizon; onion **dip**;
2. respire: to breathe
3. influenza_1: an infectious disease that is like a very bad cold
4. erode away;
5. the **odd** occasion; **odd** number;

## Day33

1. symptom of^1: a sign that a serious problem exists
2. anything but: not at all (used for emphasis)._1
3. counterbalance
4. distaste_1
5. life of the mind
6. vulnerable_2
7. think **critically**; critical-rival-crucial
8. second-rate: not of the very best standard or quality
9. resent: to feel angry or upset about a situation or about something that someone has done, especially because you think that it is not fair_1
10. **noble** gas
11. elitist: an elitist system, government etc is one in which a small group of people have more power and advantages than other people_3
12. **Shut** the window_2
13. recitation_2
14. bellyful of word
15. civilize_1
16. reluctant: unwilling
17. militant:a militant organization or person is willing to use strong or violent action in order to achieve political or social change_1

## Day34

1. the headlines
2. frenzied_4
3. broker
4. young/old **folk**; folks_3
5. every cloud has a silver lining_1
6. real-estate
7. sustain: SYN:maintain, support_1
8. sustained: continuing for a long time
9. upside: OPP downside
10. indicate
11. Gap **outlet**
12. revenue: money that a business or organization receives over a period of time, especially from selling goods or services
13. even as_3

## Day35

1. the property market_1
2. operation on_2; in operation_2
3. at the crack of **dawn**; **dawn** on_1
4. **secure** a deal/contract_1

---

1. Santa Claus
2. ads
3. nickel
4. landing on: to arrive somewhere in a plane, boat etc
5. encyclopedia: a book or CD, or a set of these, containing facts about many different subjects, or containing detailed facts about one subject
6. trademark
7. spur sb. (on)to_1; on the spur of the moment_1
8. iconic
9. balloon
10. seek out; sought_1
11. seemingly_2; apparently
12. thrift_1: wise and careful use of money, so that none is wasted_1
13. thrill, spur, stimulate, provoke, active
14. thorough_1; through; throughout the world
15. on the tip of your **tongue**;  the tip of the iceberg
