# 46-50

- [46-50](#46-50)
  - [Day46](#day46)
  - [Day47](#day47)
  - [Day48](#day48)
  - [Day49](#day49)
  - [Day50](#day50)

## Day46

1. laboratory_3
2. garage_4; garbage
3. church
4. police; please
5. experiment-experience
6. Tolstoy
7. disclose-reveal
8. **stretch** across_2; be **stretched** at the moment_1,; at full **stretch**; **stretched** over 20 years;
9. **crane** forward/over; crane;
10. be couched in; couch_3

## Day47

1. cargo_2: the goods that are being carried in a ship or plane
2. test-tube **holder**
3. narrative
4. a **nasty** smell
5. British nationality_1
6. crop up_1: if a problem crops up, it happens or appears suddenly and in an unexpected way
7. The **overall** result is;

## Day48

1. ambitious
2. v:tear, tore, torn_1; tore at my heart; n_1
3. stimulate sth. growth_2-stimulus_2
4. v. **stir** childhood memories_1; **stirring up** trouble; n: create a **stir**;
5. infer: to form an opinion that something is probably true because of information that you have
6. draw **inferences**_3; by **inference**;
7. proponent_1: advocate
8. the **approach** of autumn; **approach** a problem_1; **approach** somebody for_1
9. v. appropriate_3
10. quotation_1
11. apt

## Day49

1. bin_2
2. heal over_1
3. corporation_1: big company or organization
4. ambulance: a special vehicle that is used to take people who are ill or injured to hospital
5. **dismiss** criticism; be **dissmissed** from; **dismiss** the class/case;
6. disperse-assemble
7. be **displace** by the fighting; -replace;
8. balcony_1
9. play to the gallery_2
10. distort_1
11. distract_1; divert_1; disturb_2

## Day50

1. **split** the difference_2; **split** up_2; average split;
2. independent **spirit**_2;  I’ll be there in **spirit**; as the **spirit** moves you;
3. cripple(old-fashioned)_1
4. adj- mock marble floors_1; n. mocks_1; v. mock sth. up_3
5. a **moderate** degree of success;
6. modify^technical_2
7. predecessor_1
8. **make up** a small propotion of population_1; **make** the whole thing **up**; **make up** rules.
9. experiment-experience
