# 51-55 Day

- [51-55 Day](#51-55-day)
  - [Day51](#day51)
  - [Day52](#day52)
  - [Day53](#day53)
  - [Day54](#day54)
  - [Day55](#day55)

## Day51

1. pan_2 syn:saucepan; panning for gold; pan out;_1
2. a rat_1; rat on;
3. revolve around
4. 
5. in disguise; disguise as; disguise the fact;
6. disgust
7. special-particular
8. specific-concrete
9. peculiar-odd-weird_1

## Day52

1. preface_2
2. prejudice me against_3; sexual prejudice;
3. preliminary_2
4. premier hotel; the Irish Premier;
5. premise_3; on/off the **premises**_1; the **premise** that;
6. patient;
7. His family **rejoiced** at(in/over) the news;
8. I can't **relate** to kitty; **relate** the  whole story to me;
9. their **relations**; a distant **relative**;
10. relative-relativity_2; The **relative** merits of both approaches;
11. relevant information_2;
12. overseas

## Day53

1. She was **fined** for speeding_1; a £40 **fine**;
2. **caged** bird_1;
3. configuration_2;
4. traitor_1
5. by **virtue** of something_4;
6. virtual;
7. domestic/household etc **appliance**_3
8. applicable_2
9. motorway; expressway; freeway; highway; interstate;
10. **discriminate** fact from opinion_1
11. Loneliness is a **disease**;
12. is a national **disgrace**;

## Day54

1. barley_2
2. crop up_1; crop the hair;
3. essay on_1/about;
4. **establish** yourself_1;**establish** that_2;
5. be **gratified** to see_1
6. a new **ethic** of instant gratification_3; medical **ethics**;
7. ethnic;
8. the **inevitable**;
9. mislead sb. about/over_2;
10. necessitate doing_3; necessitate a change;
11. as a necessity_3;
12. pier_3
13. Victorian **villa**_4

## Day55

1. muscular- muscle;
2. accessory_1-accelerate; an **accessory** to murder; an fashion **accessory**;
3. contend (that)_1
4. be proportioned to_2; keep/lose a sense of **proportion**;
5. negative number
6. select on **merit**_1; judge sth. on its **merits**_1; It **merits** attention;
7. industrial **output**;
8. religious beliefs and **practices**_1; common **practice**;
9. **practise** what you preach_2;
10. a experienced **practitioner**_1;
11. precede_2; preceding chapter_1;
12. down/along the **corridor**_;
13. without **precedent**_1; break with **precedent**;
14. precise; precision;
