# 56-60

## Day56

1. phrase the question;
2. an **honorable** profession;
3. a massive administrative **apparatus**_4; breathing **apparatus**; appliance_2;
4. take the **initiative**_1; a government **initiative**_1;
5. negligible;
6. **present** sb. with_2; present somebody as_2; **present** something to_3;
7. the London **mayor**_1;
8. the freedom of the **press**; the Clarendon **Press**_;
9. **prey**-predator_1; beast of **prey**; **prey** on;
10. the **beast** in somebody;

## Day57

1. heavy reliance on/upon trade;
2. a strong **constitution**
3. a **straightforward** task
4. cable
5. eye **strain**;  a terrible **strain** for_3; **strain** on_2;
6. Our friendship has steadily **strengthened** over the years; a **strenuous** effort;
7. **transient** fashions_1;
8. give somebody a blank cheque
9. the architect of sth_1 - architecture;
10. interesting **archive** material
11. the political **arena**; a sports **arena**_1;

## Day58

1. **mist** over/up; lost in the **mists** of time
2. arise/arose/arisen; A heavy mist **arose**_2;
3. **arouse** hostility; **arouse** from_1;
4. **array** in all her finery_2; **array** on the counter_1; a dazzling **array** of flowers_2;
5. a clear **vision**;
6. fresh and **vital**; **vital** signs;
7. **vivid** memories;
8. turn the **volume** up; The **volume** of traffic_3; volume 9
9. consequently
10. kind and **considerate**_1
11. energy/fuel etc **consumption**
12. **exclusive** report; an **exclusive** girls’ school; mutually exclusive;

## Day59

1. **strains** of wheat_3; **strain** of madness_1; a **strain** of bitterness; **strain** of Beethoven;
2. **sprain** one's ankle;
3. the medical **profession**;
4. astronaut_1;
5. **pose** a threat; Her confidence was a **pose**;
6. the party’s **position**; took up his new **position**;  be in a **position** to do something_2;
7. be well **positioned**_2;
8. Different workers **possess** different skills; possession;
9. in the **dim** light of the early dawn;
10. diminish-reduce; diminish your achievements;
11. a gifted **amateur**_2;
12. astonish-amaze; amazement;
13. ambiguous; ambitious;
14. the **stark** realities;

## Day60

1. **shave** your head;
2. **compress** data;
3. be **comprised** of somebody/something-consist;
4. **conceive** of_1; **conceive** a child(b);
5. concept-conception;
6. clear and **concise**;
7. **concludes** with a short summary_1; **conclude** from something that_1;
8. the **conclusion** of the meeting;
9. **concurrent** developments abroad_2; **concurrent** with_3;
10. **confess** to (doing) something_3;
11. forget the **episode**; next **episode**_3;
12. the Victorian **epoch**_2;
13. Lou’s voice quivered with **indignation**.
14. in an awful **mess**; in the officers’ **mess**; a **messy** room;
15. **redeeming** feature_1; **redeem** yourself_3; **redeem** a pledge_1; **redeem** the coupon;
