# Day61-65

## Day61

1. enquiry_1: inquiry_1; a judicial **inquiry**; **inquiries** from ;
2. endeavor
3. seeks to旨在做某事
4. pear-pier_1;
5. cooperate_1-**corporate**; **corporate** headquarters;
6. **serve** as a warning_1;
7. **refer** to the matter_1; **refer** his note_2; **referred** to the bibliography for further information;
8. subject-object
   1. The **subjects** of this experiment; favorite **subject**; a British **subject**;
   2. be **subject** to something_4; **subject** peoples;
   3. **subjected** his victim_2;
9. **subjective** perception_2;
10. a major **sponsor**_1;  **sponsored** walk_2;

## Day62

1. at the **mercy** of whether;
2. a **staff**_1;
3. prism_2;
4. **grease** the pan_1;
5. stain **removal**_1; the mayor’s **removal** from office;
6. **stain** the carpet; a **stain** on the carpet; **stain** the shelves blue;
7. the **remainder**_2; a **remainder** of 3_1;
8. the **remains** of evening meal_1; Her **remains**;
9. **render** him unconscious; **render** assistance_1; **render** something into English_1; **render** the fat;

## Day63

1. in the **enviable** position of_1;
2. contemporary_1-contempt_1; shows utter **contempt**; somebody’s **contemporaries**_1; **contemporary** Japanese prints_1;
3. be **content** with_2; her heart’s **content**_1; **content** yourself with (doing) something_1;
4. **contend** for; **contend** with_2;
5. **contracted** AIDS_2; Metal **contracts** as it cools_1;
6. contradictory_1-mutual exclusive_1;
7. **contrasts** the land with the sea_e; **contrasting** with the brilliant blue sky;
8. **circus** act_1; Piccadilly circus_3;
9. Catholic; Protestant_1; **catholic** tastes;
10. pay **dividend**_3;
11. the Computer Services **Division**; the traditional **division** of labour; a **second-division** club_1;
12. a desperate **bid** to free herself;
13. some highly **critical** remarks_2; the situation is still **critical**;
14. He was taken off the **critical** list; with a **critical** eye;

## Day64

1. the state **legislature** of Virginia_1;
2. **toiling** away **at** this essay;  **toiled** slowly **up**_2; a life of **toil**_1;
3. cut **emissions** of nitrogen oxide from power stations;
4. on the **morality** of abortion_1; sexual **morality**;
5. **prudent** house buyers_1;
6. **submit** to - give in_2; **submit** (that)_2;
7. **subordinate**_1 - inferior - secondary;
8. **subscribe** to the view_2;
9. There is no **substance** to the rumours_1; it lacked **substance**; woman of **substance**_1; in **substance**_1;
10. a **substantial** piece of furniture_1; a **substantial** salary;

## Day65

1. **substitute** for; a **substitute** for Tim;
2. anguish;
3. an **annual** income;
4. **refuted** any allegations_2;
5. People sweat to **regulate** their body heat;
6. **assimilate** all these facts_1; **assimilated** into the community;
7. **assume** great importance_1; **assume** responsibility;
8. **assume** a manner; **assume** that_1;
9. a political **controversy**;
10. convene_1-convention
11. an **aerial** attack;
12. The **dominant** male_1; a single **dominant** gene;
