# 66-70

- [66-70](#66-70)
  - [Day66](#day66)
  - [Day67 Summary](#day67-summary)
  - [Day67](#day67)
  - [Day68](#day68)
  - [Day69](#day69)

## Day66

1. The **recession** spelled doom for_1;
2. Jules **probed** the mud gingerly;**probe** too deeply into_1;
3. the **proceedings**_1; legal **proceedings**;
4. **proclaimed** the republic’s independence; **proclaimed** her seniority_2;
5. 56 is the product of 8 and 7;
6. oil and gas **production**; the new Shakespeare **production**;
7. agricultural **product**;
8. high **productivity** levels;
9. profession-occupation; trade-vocation-career; post-position;
10. expectation-anticipation-outlook-prospect;
11. a world **expert**_1; be **expert** at;
12. **expertise** in_3; financial **expertise**;

## Day67 Summary

1. The victorian **epoch**
2. **doze** off
3. the **puzzle** of how the sun works;
4. **dreaming up** new schemes;
5. **ploughed through** the thick mud;
6. a legal **precedent**;
7. keep a sense of **proportion**; be **proportioned** to
8. be being gradually **eroded away**;
9. the **remainder** - the **remains**_1;
10. be **counterbalanced** by_1;
11. her **distaste** for_1;
12. **corporate** communications;
13. render **assistance**_1; has been **rendered** and whitewashed; **render** into;
14. **assume** responsibility; **assume** massive proportions;; **assume** that;
15. **summit** meeting;
16. **submit** to; **submit** that_1;
17. on the **spur** of the moment;
18. thrifty;
19. **premise** that;
20. his **contemporaries**;
21. the **distinct** impression;
22. **contrasting** with the brilliant blue sky;

## Day67

1. a natural **instinct**;
2. research **institutes**_2; **institute** court proceedings_2;
3. political **institutions**_1; the **institution** of divorce proceedings; social **institutions**; a mental **institution**_1;
4. English **landscape** artists;
5. pond;
6. saw; **saw**-proverb,saying;
7. **avert** the tragedy;
8. extravagant - thrifty;
9. the **naked** eye_2;  A **naked** light;
10. **invoke** economic sanctions;
11. traitor-**tailor**
12. stationery-**stationary**_1;

## Day68

1. a controversial **issue**;
2. the January **issue** of Newsweek_1; the share **issue**_1;
3. **issued** a statement_2;  **issues** millions of passports_1;
4. **overturn** a decision;
5. a **torrent** of abuse_2;  a raging **torrent**_1;
6. be **overwhelmed** with_1; be **overwhelmed** by;
7. the **pursuit** of liberty and happiness; **pursuits** such as swimming and tennis;
8. revised its plans; **revise** my geography-review;
9. mowing the **lawn**;
10. **row** away/towards/across_1; **row** with; **row** about;
11. a film **review**; **review** your situation_1;

## Day69

1. The economy is beginning to **revive**;
2. **rules** her life; The Supreme Court has yet to **rule** on the case;
3. a wise **ruler**;
4. an annual **turnover**;
5. conducted a **survey**; **survey** the ocean depths;
6. psychiatric **surveillance**;
7. be more **susceptible** to infections.;
8. became **suspicious** of his behaviour;
9. **Swarms** of tourists;
10. swell-swelled-swollen; **swelled** to around 10,000; a heavy **swell**; a **swell** of pride;
11. swing-swung-swung;
12. **swung** her legs; **swung** into the drive; **swing** into action
13. playing on the **swings**; get into the swing of it;
14. a practitioner of **alternative** medicine;
15. grocery;
