# Day71-75

- [Day71-75](#day71-75)
  - [Day71](#day71)
  - [Day72](#day72)
  - [Day73 Summary](#day73-summary)
  - [Day73](#day73)
  - [Day74](#day74)
  - [Day75](#day75)

## Day71

1. She **bowed** her head and prayed; The trees **bowed** in the wind;
2. **bow out** of politics_2;
3. a **bow** and arrow;
4. startling **revelations**;
5. the **wicked** stepmother_2;
6. I **suppose**-I guess
7. scarcely - hardly_1;
8. a nuclear **missile**_2; threw **missiles**;
9. dam;
10. a **progressive** administration_2; the **progressive** increase in population_1;
11. a thousand **pounds**;
12. a victory **parade**_2; **parade** as_1;

## Day72

1. a national **outcry**_2;
2. **prompted** an outcry_3; a **prompt** response; Try to be **prompt**;
3. a dinner **reservation**_1; serious **reservations**_2;
4. lack of proper **nourishment**_2;
5. proved remarkably **resilient**_2; less **resilient** than before;
6. last/first **resort**; **resort** to violence_1;
7. Turnbull’s face was **grave**; The report expressed **grave** concern;
8. succeed-success;
9. in **succession**_3; **succession** to the throne_2; A **succession** of visitors_1;
10. a five **successive** victories_1;
11. a worthy **successor**_2; predecessor;
12. be being **sued** for divorce;  **sue** for peace;
13. **presuppose** that-assume that_1;
14. **lace** our fingers together;  shoelace;
15. coffee **laced** with Irish whiskey;
16. lace up your shoes_1; lace to; lace with_3;

## Day73 Summary

1. get into your **stride**; without breaking **stride**_2;
2. **monotonous** regularity;
3. a real treat in **store**;
4. the **prime** cause_1; **prime** example; in her **prime**; **prime** sb. with;
5. The **subjects** of this experiment_2; as his **subjects**_3;
6. **parcel** off; **parcel** up;
7. swing-swung-swung; **swung** around_2; took a **swing**_1;
8. psychiatry-psychology;
9. **intrigue** her;
10. The **dominant** male gorilla;
11. threw **missiles**;

---

1. the fight against **racism**;
2. gorilla_1;

## Day73

1. **suffice** (it) to say (that)_1;
2. a civil **suit**_3;
3. a business **suit**_1;
4. The food was **superb**;
5. a **superficial** inspection_1; **superficial** cuts and bruises; silly and **superficial**_1;
6. **superfluous** decoration_2;
7. **superior** - inferior;  immediate **superior**;
8. sense of **superiority**;
9. assure-ensure=insure-guarantee
10. keep your own **counsel**_1;
11. be **exploited** by employers_1; **exploiting** the situation_3;
12. the daring **exploits** of_3;
13. **intelligence** sources_2; **intelligence** organizations;
14. intelligent_1; intelligible_1;
15. **strain** a muscle; **strain** our finances_2; I **strained** my ears_1; **strained** the pasta_2; **strained** against_2;

---

1. **inhabit** the most troubled corner;
2. It has not been much fun;
3. **reckon** that_1; **reckoned** from its first appearance_2;
4. have the **nerve** to; calm his **nerves**; touch a (raw) **nerve**; **nerves** of steel;
5. be least **distinctive**;
6. Foreign **bureaus**_1;
7. **board** of governors;
8. So have...

## Day74

1. Polish; **polish** it a bit_1;
2. the city centre **proper**_1;  the reasoning abilities **proper** to our species_1;
3. **propose** a toast; **propose** marriage;
4. true **proposition**_1; makes it a very attractive **proposition**_1;
5. diplomatic **protocol**_1;
6. **proximate** estimate;
7. exercise **restraint**_2; use physical **restraint**_1;

## Day75

1. **attacking** the problem_1;
2. holding **court** to_2; assiduously **courted** the media_1;  have **courted** political disaster_2;
3. common **courtesy**_1; politeness; discoutersy;
4. do me the **courtesy**;  (by) **courtesy** of somebody.; (by) **courtesy** of sth_2. a courtesy bus;
5. the (full **extent**) of_2; to a **certain** extent/to **some** extent/to **an** extent;
6. a man of deep **humanity**_1;
7. a modest and **humble** man; **humble** background;
8. was **humbled** by_2; **humbled** himself_2;
