# 76-80

- [76-80](#76-80)
  - [Day76](#day76)
  - [Day77](#day77)
  - [Day78](#day78)
  - [Day79](#day79)
  - [Day80 Summary](#day80-summary)

## Day76

1. with great **intensity**_3; measures light **intensity**;
2. social **intercourse**_2;
3. The **interior** of the country; exterior;
4. a coral **necklace**_1;
5. made a **loss** of_1;
6. a **lucrative** business_2;
7. **nevertheless**-nonetheless;
8. **imperial** expansion;
9. **telegraph**
10. a **tediously** long film;
11. **harassment** for years_3;
12. the use of **jargon**;

---

1. lining up at the marriage bureaus;
2. less could truly be more;
3. **emigrated** to Unite State;

## Day77

1. the **series** of events; **serious** reservation;
2. a new comedy series;
3. **harbour** germs_1;
4. His face **hardened** momentarily; soften;
5. a **heroin** addict;
6. a quiet country **lane**; changed **lanes**;
7. mankind; humankind;
8. the **veil**; draw a **veil** over the whole incident; lifting the **veil** of secrecy;
9. folded in his **lap**_1; finished a **lap**_1; in the **lap** of luxury_1;  in the **lap** of the gods_1;
10. **lapped** gently against the rocks_1; **lapping up** all the attention_1; **lap up** the milk_1
11. **lapses** in security_1; The usual time **lapse**_1;
12. The conversation **lapsed**_1; **lapsed into** puzzled silence_1; lapsed back into_1; **lapsed into** chaos;

## Day78

1. **laser** surgery;
2. **manoeuvre** somebody into/out of_1;
3. a complex **manoeuvre**_1;  military **manoeuvres**_1;  room for **manoeuvre**_1 - free for **manoeuvre**_1;
4. **manufactured** the drug_1; **manufacture** stories_1;
5. methods of **manufacture**_2; manufactures;
6. in **manuscript**;
7. **obstruct** the peace process;
8. the **obstruction** of vital legislation;
9. odd-odds_1; **odd** number; the **odd** one_1;
10. obnoxious **odours**;
11. so as to - in order to;
12. a **faint** smile; feel quite **faint**; **fainted** in the blazing heat;

## Day79

1. a pair of **scissors**;
2. **scout** for a place_1; **scout out** business opportunities_1; talent **scout**; He sent three **scouts** ahead;
3. **scramble up** the cliff; **scrambled** out of the way_2;
4. **scrambling** to give the impression_1;  be **scrambling** for tickets;  each sentence are **scrambled**;
5. a **scrap** of paper; **Scrap** metal; be being **scrapped** this year; should be **scrap**;
6. Chairs **scraped** loudly; **scrape** against the wall; The earth was **scraped** away;
7. **scratched** his name from the list; **scratched** away on the paper; only scratched the surface;
8. under police **scrutiny**;
9. the **seal** of the governor’s office_1; given their **seal of approval**; **seal** the border;
10. **seam** of coal_1; Join the shoulder **seam**; falling apart at the **seams**_1;

## Day80 Summary

1. a 20-minute **scramble** away; the usual **scramble** for; a mad **scramble**;
2. statue; statute;
3. **fall apart**;
4. **assert** yourself; **assert** itself;
5. the **stark** realities;
6. in **mysterious** circumstances;
7. are **referred** to the bibliography;
8. the january **issue**;
9. **stretched** over 20 years;
10. the daring **exploits**;
11. She **strained** the pasta; **strain** our finances;
12. **contend** that; **content** with;
13. **catholic** tastes;
14. **courted** political disaster;
15. **tore** down to the hospital; **tore** the letter;
16. to be **primed**;
